This will be more of a ''my experience with this game'' type of review, because saying things like ''great gameplay'' will not suit something I've experienced with Counter-Strike. Here you go:

I remember back in 2002 I was at a friend's house and he was playing a game. I didn't know the name of the game nor I had internet to find it. A few weeks passed by and another friend came over. He didn't have a computer, so he brought a disc with a game in it. He told me that it was one of the best games and from that very moment I knew that it is going to be the game I saw at the other friend's house. When I saw the Counter-Strike logo I was filled with gamegasm (?) and I was so happy. I was playing it hardcore. Made friends, clans, was involved in communities and even made two myself. Counter-Strike is my first game which I played competitively and it was a such an experience. Playing public servers with mods were very fun, but playing it competitively made it very intense and stressful. In a pleasant way, ofcourse. Looking at the current e-sport scene it might not seem like much but back then it was different.

Shooters these days try to be different, advanced in a way. Sometimes the most simple games like Counter-Strike are the ones that live to this day. Also, there are plenty of mods to keep your attention to this game. The gameplay is very simple - defend as a Counter-Terrorist, attack as a Terrorist to plant the bomb or save the hostages as a CT. I am sure most of you already know this and I doubt there are gamers that haven't heard or know the gameplay of Counter-Strike, so I am sharing here more of my experience.

I wish I could find my CS Anthology account which I've lost since 2008.  So, I decided I am going to buy this game again and here you go - more than a thousand hours played. I still play it from time to time to this day and it brings back many great memories and I sometimes even stumble upon people I've played with years ago. I think Counter-Strike changed gaming in a major way and we wouldn't have many games like we have today, if this game wouldn't exist. 

I am sure many of people already have played games like CS:GO but never the roots. I doubt any of you will play it for more than an hour, because it's much more simple and it differs a lot in my opinion from CS:GO and modern games. It's harder though.
How to correctly play this game:
-Noisiest fucking white keyboard you can ever get (Make sure it's dirty enough so it looks beige)
-640x480 Monitor with 16-bit colors
-Windows XP
-Massive mouse with defectous buttons
-White case
-500 / 1GB / 2GB ram
-2 Speakers
-Salty friends

Additional notes: If possible, use a magazine or a book to replace your mousepad

Nostalgia? Yes.
10/10
2006
4:3 
800x600 Resolution
Windows XP
2001 office computer, fully white
White keyboard, grey characters 
White mouse, grey scroll wheel 
Public library 
Half of the people in the room are playing cs


After more than a decade later, this game is still alive.

So here's a little story.
Before my dad and my mom got a divorce, and before I was even born, my mom would work late nights at the the hosipital (she was a nurse), leaving my dad home alone. He wouldn't really have anything to do so one day, he went to the store and bought Counter-Strike (it was back then when you needed a disc to play; steam wasn't around yet). and he would play until she got home. 14 years later on Saturday, April 15th 2017, he personally bought me and my little brother copies of Counter-Strike so we can all play together. 
This game brought my family closer together ever since the divorce.
10/10, best game ever.

Counter-Strike: Ok, after 9 years of unlimited fun with friends, I have finally quit counter strike. Counter strike, in all of its versions, its just a great FPS game that anyone can enjoy it. Its a great game and all, you just cant stop playing it, you can just sit and play with your friends for days with out stoping. The huge weaoponary option you can choose and the smooth and sound of the game, its just f*cking addicting. With this games I've met so many different people and unique friends. This game is literally G(OLD). To all the young players who are looking for a good cheep and fun game to play with their friends, I highlly recommend on this. I've got (with steam record) 2,484hrs record in counter strike IN TOTTAL,,, and who knows how many more hrs in a non official steam version of this game.... Great Game. GG WP.
And too all the people who will keep playing this game, all I can say, as always,  GL & HF <3
• Do you like original games?
• Do you like games that don't lag?
• Do you like games you can run on low end PC's?
• Do you like games where you don't meet children who have slept with your mother?

Then this is for you!
CS is one of the greatest and undermined games in history. It is, in my opinion, the best

game to ever have a crosshair. It is not a contact sport, so for the girly girls, it is an activity to indulge in.

It starts off with a team trying to kill another team. 

I started playing cs when I noticed jacking off isn't the only activity to do on a computer. I started inviting a lot of friends out and getting drinks, as well as a boom box, to spend a nice summer day in the living room playing this wonderful game. I wanted to play every chance that i could. On my road of cs adventures, I encountered a couple of problems; those being that nobody was as fervent as I was about playing, and that when we did play, nobody was good enough, so it wasn't a lot of fun.

Then I discovered that I could sign up for a class with dboorn. I was overly excited, and signed up, but with skepticism at how the class was going to be. Sure enough, I was proven wrong. We started off by practicing a little bit. Then we split off into teams and started playing almost everyday of class. I made some friends, and played with people who had built up their skill gradually over the period of the course.

When I play counterstrike, the whole world disappears. Only I, the mouse, and my teammates remain. We are united in a common goal. We strive collectively towards an end we all desire. Each player has a spot to hold. They stand ready and waiting, eager for their chance to aid the team in what they hope will be a forthcoming victory. Thus, CS celebrates the unity of man, the indomitable spirit in all of us that pushes us and drives us towards excellence. When I play CS, I play until my veins pump battery acid, and then I play some more.

CS is unique among the games because it teaches all of us that no matter where we are in life, there is a role for us to play, and we can help our fellow man by fulfilling that role, and thereby our destiny. What destiny might you ask? I spoke before of unity. And it is that unity that brings us all together like one big loving family. That is the nature of counter-strike; the many working as one. One machine made of well oiled cogs and wheels, moving in unison, happy to play their part in the production of something greater than themselves. Not that these small metal objects are actually animate, I'm of course speaking only metaphorically.

Over the course of the years, I have increased in skill, but I have learned a greater lesson than how to be a better cs player. I have learned how to cooperate with a team to accomplish a goal that we all share. Even if that team is less than ideal. I have realized that cs is about more than just one's athletic ability. Instead, there is a deeper meaning behind the colt, the AK, the AWP, the deagle, the sands under my feet (in d2 or inferno). And more importantly, the teammates at my side. I love them. It is the human element of cs that gives cs its greatness.

In conclusion, I love cs. I love to win. I love pushing myself to my physical limits. It's that feeling that first drove me to the computer. For every second that I am not playing cs, there is only an unquenchable thirst to play. A thirst that grows as every minute passes by when I am outside, sitting at the television, or playing sports. I had an extraordinary time playing this game, and I will return to look at the future students of this game to see that bright eager look on their faces to remind me of how I used to feel. This review may be over, this game may be dead, but I will never stop playing couner-strike (1.6).
Pros

- No crates which you can waste your money.
- You don't pay for the extra maps.
- Less Russians.
- Less cheaters.
- Very alive game (after 16 years).
- More than 11, 000 active servers (according to Gametracker). 
- You don't need actually PC to play this (you can run it on a Calculator).
- More mods than games on Steam.
- You can spray in the game.
- You can buy MP5.
- You can use Flashlight and Nightvision.
- You can choose a character.
- You can play Assassination mod.
- You can use Bunnyhop.
- You can play CSGO MOD.

And other stuff I can't remember....
Blame this game for the rise of the online multiplayer modern military shooter. Good game, great custom maps, terrible community. Not much has really changed since 2000, has it?

I don't think anyone still plays this particular version of CS though.

Edit: Wait, there are over 8,000 people in-game right now. Wow... guess I have to give this a "yes" then because it isn't dead.
• Do you like original games?
• Do you like games that don't lag?
• Do you like games you can run on low end PC's?
• Do you like games where you don't meet children who have slept with your mother?

Then this is for you!
I am recommending this because of nostalgia. If you are someone who has never played counter-strike 1.6, I would have a tough time recommending this unless you want to check out where counter-strike got its roots from. There are some things in this game that are somewhat anti-competitive like crouch walking (some may call it silent-stepping, groundstrafing, g-stafing), quick-switching to reload faster, boosting people through roofs, the insane amount of wall bangs you can do. Some do raise the skill cap. Where this game shined for me was the modding community and the custom game modes. This is where kz started, where surfing started, where scoutzknivez started, bhopping was around before counter-strike but counter-strike had bhop communities as well. This is where weapon skins came from as modders would make custom models for weapons and custom player models. This and counter-strike: condition zero are the only counter-strike games to have a competitive knifing community because the knife mechanics were changed in other versions of counter-strike which made knifing non-competitive. You could get a headshot with a knife; how could you not like that! The graphics are definitely dated by today’s standards and high fps with a high refresh rate monitor does not feel as smooth as in most modern fps games. Counter-strike has always been one of the best game series for the cost compared to what you get because of the communities and mods that sprung up around it. Counter-strike does not have a built-in matchmaking ladder like csgo. This is the game that really accelerated the esports industry. There has been so much esports history made in counter-strike. The reason why steam was created in the first place was to give people a more efficient way of updating their games and a way to implement a cheating protection know as Valve Anti-Cheat with counter-strike being the main focus. This game reminds you just how good you had it when you were a kid and not many games can rival the impact counter-strike has had on the esports and gaming industry.
[h1]PRO:[/h1]
+ Best first-person shooter of my childhood, and still it is
+ Valve Anti-Cheat
+ Gameplay

[h1]CONTRA[/h1]
- Cheating
- No Achievments

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
Oldies but goodies. Nothing to say more.
"Lock and Load."
"Go go go!"
"Fire in the hole!"
"The bomb has been planted."
"Counter-terrorists/terrorists Win."

It is uncountable just how many times have these few sentences echoed in cybercafés across the world. For many, days were spent in front of the computer screen, manipulating the WASD keys with left hand and whirling the mouse with the right one. People yell and frown, they cheer and jeer as they team up their cyber-persona and pit them against another team. It doesn’t matter who won, who lost, who managed to kill to most of their opponents and who died the most, as everything will be scrambled up and reset when a new match begins. What is important is that, for those who are a part of the team, this computer game is their reality. These personas within the computer screen are their true identities. This is counter-strike. 

Originally a modification (mod in short) made for Valve’s critically acclaimed Half-Life, Counter-Strike has gained much prominence since its initial launch. It is one of the first and definitely one of the most critically acclaimed multi-player computer games of all times. It is also the game used for many professional electronic sports competitions, such as ESEA League. Of course, this does not put Counter-Strike as a “professional only” game, as it has been enjoyed by many since its launch.

Getting started with Counter-strike is simple. You start off in one of the two teams: Counter-Terrorists or Terrorists. Before the round begins, you will have to purchase your own gun from the market, namely the famous AK47, M4A1, Desert Eagle, MP5, AWP and many more. Do not ask me why the counter-terrorists (namely the police) have to buy their own gun, and that they will have to go out with their lousy default colt pistols. Perhaps the government had some budget cuts and the SWATs have to buy their own guns. No one knows, but at least this will balance up the game. Also, you can equipment such as Highly-Explosive grenades, Flash-bangs (not recommend for beginners), smoke grenades, helmets and kevlars. You can also grab a defuse kit if you are playing on the side of the counter-terrorist, but normally we will steal that from dead teammates. Oh and you will be given a knife for free. Don’t worry about it, as most likely you use it to run instead of anything else.

The gameplay is fairly straightforward as well. There are quite a few number of game mods. The most frequently played ones are the Bomb Defusal maps, such as the all-time famous de_dust, the Hostage Rescue maps such as cs_assault, the VIP Escorting maps and the Kill Them All maps, such as the custom fy_iceworld and awp_map. Like all multi-player First Person Shooters, you will need good coordination and communication with your teammates if you want to win. Don’t worry about it though, because if you are new, just stick around and listen to what others have got to say. Just remember, you are not John Rambo, you only have 100 HP, and a stray bullet from a sniper rifle (AWP) will deal more damage than that.

As time press on, the mechanism of Counter-Strike became outdate. Of course, the legacy of Counter-Strike continues through its successors such as Counter-Strike: Condition Zero, Counter-Strike: Source, Counter-Strike Online (Asia only) and, the newest of all, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Throughout the years, Counter-Strike has evolved to become what it is today while its legend remains. Together with Half-Life and (maybe) Team Fortress Classic, Counter-Strike has not only helped Valve to thrive as a gaming company, but also defined what First Person Shooter should be.
csgo: 12 years olds flaming you for missing a shot, also, apparently, they all had sexual relationship with at least one of your family members/friends.

css: large variety of people, always having a good time

cscz: let's be honest, the only reason why it's written down here is so that it won't feel lonely

cs1.6: 20-30 years old people throwing the most creative and vulgar insults at you they possibly can, along with the occasional squaker who gets burnt within .1 second of them pressing the mic key. good place to pick up foreign insults other than russian.



[b]hitreg works[/b]
10/10
Steam Awards Nomination 2016 (review for the badge) 

When I saw the The “Just 5 More Minutes” award category :: instant flashback & cold sweat.. 

Year; 2005, clock; around 7 pm. Tomorrow is school day and I'm at a local Internet Cafe playing with some friends :: [i]Counter Strike 1.6[/i] :: time flies, u know how, its CS. Cell phone rings; constantly. "Yes, I'm coming home, just need to finish the match, 5 minutes top'. I'm losing .. big time. I skipped some calls later (big mistake) for the sake of the match. Long story short, I was late and there were consequences. Left in hurry after and didn't pay the net fee, not that day at least. Time; 1+ am, game-over.
[b][u]Review 21/10/2014:[/u][/b]
I've played this game since I was around 6 years old back in 2002 and it still makes me laugh and have fun whenever I launch it to this very day. Over 12 years of endless entertainment. No other game on this planet has given me more entertainment and enjoyment than Counter-Strike 1.6 has and I doubt no game ever will.

Reason i've only got 38 hours here is because I no longer use the account I originally played cs 1.6 on.


func_vehicle is what makes this Counter Strike game the best out of all the others in the franchise.

Find a server that has car maps or maps with func_vehicle entities and you will have endless fun running over teammates and enemies in all kinds of hilarious and goofy vehicles not giving a care in the world.

You can drive a fork with a meatball on the end of it. Do i need to say more?

Mods on this game are amazing too. There is a mod where you can catch pokemon, level them up, train them and use their skills. Call of Duty mod that is suprisingly better than cod its self, Warcraft mods, zombie mods, basebuilder and so on...

There is even a map for the jailbreak gamemode that has driveable snowmobiles. 

1337/10

Leet crew 5 lyf

Kicks csgo's ass by a mile. I forgot how good wallbanging is in this game.

P.S - CS 1.6 is the only Counter Strike game where you can headshot with a knife or buy Riot Shields. Enjoy!

Oh yeah, you don't have to pay to use sprays in this game either.
Counter Strike,

A miracle of the FPS genre.

Giving this game a score less than 10, will result in shame. Play this game, then play a modern FPS multiplayer game, and you will see that this game was the innovator. A deliverer of fine quick reflex shooting and an unlimited skill learning curve. A provider of that instant gratification kill which was solely based on skill. There are no perks, levels, experience points to give you the edge. You are either the best of the match, or you aren't. You cant become "level 100" by just playing 15 hours a day like most modern day multiplayer shooters. When you die, you have to wait. This is the punishment. You wait, and watch, and learn your enemies tactics, and choice of weapons. You learn who's the best, so that you can save that extra flash bang just for that sucker. This punishment is gives tremendous value to the kill. When the other player is dead, hes gone. He's crying, lighting up a cigarette, going to the bathroom, watching how badass you are, or all of the above. He was eliminated, gone, for 10 minutes. The team tactics are a whole other story. If a team is being plastered by another team with more skilled players, it can make a comeback with team tactics. Team tactics are essential to the success of an average team. Also the level of modifications that this game offers cannot be overlooked. Every weapon has its own characteristics, and your fighting style must adapt to the weapon you have chosen. Yes this is also true with modern shooters, but CS emphasized this more. There are no cheap weapons, no grenade launchers or rocket launchers. Every weapon is completely balanced, and even a hand gun can do the trick if you know how to use it. There is no auto-aim (hello Halo and Call of Duty?) Its you, the mouse, the gun, the target retical, and your enemies face.

This game, is a perfect score of 10, and none less.
With only ~4000 hours of playtime (plus a few thousand prior to Steam), i might not be worthy of reviewing this game.

So i'll just leave it at: recommended.
I only write this because of how nostalgic I feel. The game that gave me my passion for shooters. Hands down, in my opinion, best game made in history. 
This game, I cannot explain how many emotions it gave me, and thousands or millions of other players. 
Cs 1.6, please stay alive. 

Pros- Everything
Cons- Nothing
[i]After 14 years of existence, this legendary game is still in the Steam top 10 most played multiplayers in the world[/i].

[b]While earning tons of money based on Counter-Strike sales, Valve shows its appreciation to the players that bought the game by still not maintaining it and treating it like it doesn't even exist. Even more, starting with February 2013, Valve has released a couple of minor updates for Counter-Strike which intentionally created problems for the game(suddenly stopping afterwards) so that the players would be forced to migrate to and buy CS:GO(which currently has and most probably will keep having major problems like fps drops and hit misdetection - problem present on all Source engine based multiplayers since 2004). [i]Congratulations, Valve[/i].[/b]

[i]Counting the players that migrated to or play the non-Steam version of Counter-Strike, the game still easily classifies itself even today in the top 5 most played multiplayers in the world[/i].
Ohhh, Yes , part of the legendary counter-strike "1.6" How I love you.Really amazing game, and the most favorite of the trilogy "Counter-Strike". Great game. It is difficult to imagine, but before "Counter-Strike" was only a fashion for Half-Life. Like saying.... The legend never dies!
Almost screw up my exams at high school (1999/2000), when I was doing my vocational training (2001-2003) and at university (2004-2009) due to playing way too much cs...

Great game, would risk my future again! 10/10
The game is still alive, that's the incredible thing about it. The game had no official servers, If I could recall the players had to host their own server via HLDJ even after having this flaw, Counter-strike had lot of servers, variety of servers and bunch of players. Counter-strike was my first multiplayer game, I started playing this on pub servers (casual terrorist vs counter-terrorist). But the real fun was on multimod servers with lot of different and interesting mods. 
*
There are still many servers up and with decent players.
Classic game, nothing beats watching the new updates and how the game changes per update.
Will never forget when i frist started with the classic won id's!

Cheers for the best first person shoote!!! XD
I adore this brilliant game. The maps are built in such phenomenal ways. The teams stand before difficult challenges as they are challenged in tough gunbattles between the 2 teams.

I have play this game totaly 5100 H and all i can say , is that I Relly LOVE IT!!!
Ah, this is where it all started from..
The mecca of online competitive scene..
I still remember bunking my extra classes, and play this game in a bunker of a gaming center, during my school days.
I didnt think, that it would take root inside of me, that would fruit up, some years later.

Come the post graduation years, and I found myself playing this again, this time.. on a competitive level and making sure I had fun, the entire time I spent, whistling away at this ..

Fond old memories..
Still growing strong..
Still making more and more, as we keep walking through the life..
In this game you can play many many modes and its the most positive thing. Its not only about shooting or about playing tactic games. You can just "chillout" on some kinds of servers and thats what I always loved in CS 1.6.
A true piece of e-sport and PC gaming history.  The best LAN game, ever! Still has active servers and players in 2017. Worth buying if you were too young to experience the prime days? It's debatable, the skill floor level is high. Don't be disappointed if you have trouble finding servers.
Easy to play and to have fun with youre friends. I recomanded to every person that like this kind of classic game. The more you play then better you become.
Oh, the memories.

I can't believe it still has so many players. It's a 19 year old game. So many new games are dead and this one still has A LOT of players playing ALL THE TIME.

You need to have this. It's where everything started.
Giving this game a score less than 10, will result in shame. Play this game, then play a modern FPS multiplayer game, and you will see that this game was the innovator. A deliverer of fine quick reflex shooting and an unlimited skill learning curve. A provider of that instant gratification kill which was solely based on skill. There are no perks, levels, experience points to give you the edge.
There are no cheap weapons, no grenade launchers or rocket launchers xD
