Still a populated community so don't worry about not finding a game because you will.

UPDATED MAY 08, 2016: You can still find people in multiplayer.
I was sniped by a guy named fucksnipers. I asked him to explain this hypocrisy. So he said ''He who snipes snipers, runs the risk of becoming a sniper himself. If you gaze into the scope, the scope gazes back''

Did not expect this level of philosophy in a video game.
Whether you prefer Single Player, CO-OP or Multiplayer, this game has all three of them. I have reviewed all three parts of the game if you are considering buying this. 

CAMPAIGN REVIEW (Single Player):

The campaign is about 6 hours long roughly. It can be shorter or longer depending on your selected difficulty. The story itself is very good and is set 5 years on from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. It is not a Hollywood Blockbuster but at the same time it is not some random quickly written story that was put together in a few hours. Every mission has different objectives and you can feel the climax building up to the finale of the game. Every level is action filled and there is never a dull moment in the campaign. As you progress you will play in different locations in the world such as: Afghanistan, Brazil, Russia, the Atlantic Ocean and the United States. Even after completing the story there are Intel collectables to find and of course Steam achievements. There are also quite a few Easter Eggs in the campaign levels. The story for this then continues on into Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3

SPEC OPS REVIEW (Single Player / CO-OP):

The Special Op missions are mostly the campaign levels but switched the other way round and with different objectives in the level. There are a total of 23 spec ops missions in MW2. 21/23 of these can be done on your own or with a friend. There are 2 Spec Ops missions that can only be done with a 2nd player. The missions get harder and harder as they go on. Some of the levels in this have been re-used from COD4. There is no matchmaking for the Spec Ops so the only way to find another player is to invite / join a friend and begin playing. There are also quite a few Steam achivements for this like with the Campaign.

MULTIPLAYER REVIEW (Multiplayer):

The Multiplayer is what is considered the strongest part of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. Unlike COD4 this time the game uses Steam Cloud, so your rank will all be stored online and will sync every time you close MW2. The highest level you can reach is level 70 with the addition of 10 prestige levels. When you reach Rank 4 you will have the ability to create your own classes where you can choose your main weapon, secondary weapon, perks and equipment. You can also stick attachments to pretty much all of your weapons on here. You can also unlock weapon camos for your main firearms, which some look very cool when placed on. You have the ability to join friends in a session and vice versa (provided there is space) and host your own private matches for this. 


Conclusion: I highly recommend buying this game if you are reading this out of personal interest or if the game has gone up for sale. I recommend playing the Campaign before going to Multiplayer to get a feel of the game, but it is of course entirely your decision.

Things to be aware of - 

There is no direct controller support for this game. 

If you are considering the DLCs, it should be noted that there are less players than that of 2009 - 2010, so the only two main playlists are the base game and those who own both of the DLCs. If you only buy 1 DLC, you will find literally 0 games on there.

MW2 Multiplayer has no dedicated servers. It uses a matchmaking system that will pair you up with other players in the same playlist and game mode as you.

This game uses VAC. So if you are banned for cheating / modding the game, your ban will be permanent. There is no way to lift a ban. You have been warned.

At the time of posting the Multiplayer peak for this is around 10,000 players which is more than enough to find a game and play. Campaign / Spec Ops population doesn't go above 5,000.

If you have any questions or concerns with the game feel free to leave a comment.

Single Player / Spec Ops Hub - http://steamcommunity.com/app/10180
Multiplayer Hub - http://steamcommunity.com/app/10190

Thank you for reading and enjoy the game if you decide to purchase!
Man this game brings memories.Well....it all started 6 years ago.I bought the game with the help of my parents of course, i was a kid back then, i know i was that kind of annoying ass kid with a high pitched voice but...man the memories.I made so many clans and fond memories with so many people, we had a sniper clan and shit...it was truly amazing, i started my own clan and we fought a few times, but lost...of course, i was just a kid with no fucking idea what i was doing,but hey...they might be one of the best momeries i had.I had a few friends which got to my heart, its hard to forget them, you know who you are, and if you come by to read this, YOU ROCK! :D.Well, let me get to the point, this game was the pinnacle of gaming, nice graphics, for that time of course, good story..at least in my opinion, and one of the most addictive shooters out there,and god i loved the multiplayer, with all the quick scopes and shit .Anyway, long story short,one of the best games i have EVER played, no doubt, thanks tho whoever read this, even now !
This game is 8 years old now. The last time I played this was around 4 years ago. 4 years later and the community still use the following phrases (with lack of grammar included):

"fuckin noobtuber"
"camping mother bitch"
"i fuck ur mom"
"hacker"
"ez" (said by players whomst'd've ranked last)
"bg noobs"

These are the most important phrases that bring a tear to my eye, not in sadness or rage, but in rememberance.

I was so happy to realise people still toggle after you spawn kill them with an AC-130.

The joy I have experienced this past week can only be explained by playing the game. So, if you haven't played this since, I encourage you to celebrate the release of this game 8 years and 3 days ago. I assure you will be happy to rejoin the community, just to get another taste before this game gets remastered and becomes trash.

PS: People still have mics about as old as this game which makes it even more authentic.

11/10 - Only game that makes me laugh when people crash my game and disconnect me from servers. Thank you, IW.
When Call of Duty was good.  Amazing game.  Expansion packs were both worth every penny.  Because of hackers and the small player community the game has gone down hill.  Will always be one of my favorites.  Right up there with World At War and Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.  Honestly wish i could go back to how these games used to be.  Some of the best gaming memories i have were from these old Call of Duty titles.   Maybe this new Call of Duty will pull away from all this furturistic bs.  Although i don't think they will ever be able to recreate how these games felt.  R.I.P. Old Cod
Best CoD game ever created. Still playing it in 2017 and planning to still play in for the next few years. So much more fun when you have custom launchers like IW4-x and Rocket v2. Too bad Activison shut down 4d1... rip 4d1... best custom client.
OMG! I BOUGHT MW2 IN 2015!
- SinglePlayer = 8/10 (too short)
- Special Ops = 9/10 (nice and hard challenges)
- MultiPlayer = 8/10 (its all good until you join a hacked lobby....i was in hacked lobby only once in 10 games, so not many hackers anymore :D)

Final = 8.5/10
Very Good!
Sweet game. This and Call of Duty 4 are probably my favorite Call of Duty games. The story is really cool and the graphics are not to bad for its time, and it brings some cool features into the game which I really like :) This is a "Must have" game.

Even in 2018, I can still find matches quicker than in any other Call of Duty. It has modders but doesn't ruin the gameplay too much. Co-Op is great with friends too.
 Play this if you want that 2009 experience back again. You may need a CRT TV and a semi-broken Xbox 360 controller for the full immersion and nostalgia that this will bring you.
I just get swept by all the notsalgia and fond memories from the time I first played it, everytime I play. So my views on the game are partially biased. God, I wish I could bring those days back. 

Now, about the game. The graphics are crisp to this day and the multiplayer still gives me a reason to hit it up every now and then. The Campaign is pretty intense and challenging, just like its predecessor. Sometimes it gets so intense, it tends to challenge your emotional stability. Especially the part where... Okay, no spoilers. 

People still play this, so yeah, to those of you think this game is dead, it isn't, not yet. I have played all the 3 games in the series and this was the best, for me. Just a wee bit ahead of MW1, and light years ahead of MW3. 

[i]Edit : The only concerns are that of hackers plus these goddamn unlock-everything servers that you get connected to without your notice that instantly promote you to level 70. Happened thrice till now and resetting the stats is pretty complicated.[/i]
Modern Warfare 2

Possibly the best CoD game.

The Campaign is the best of any CoD game in my opinion, and has two of the most infamous moments in the campaign too.

The multiplayer is slightly dead, not gonna lie. There are good things and bad things about the Multiplayer, good things for example being the Intervention alone, Terminal and Rust, some of the best guns in CoD history, shotguns for secondaries, etc. There are also bad things, like really bad inbalancing of weapons or some hackers, or even the DEATH STREAKS.

My verdict is, good game, good community, weird multiplayer. 

100% recommend MW2 is legendary.. ofcourse you gotta get it no matter what.

Singleplayer : Perfect story, no comment.. ;)

Multiplayer : same as my MW3 review, it's perfect but just the modded lobbies and the hackers... very annoying and ruining the game specialy one of the best call of duty's ever made.. how can you ruin that? !
[code]Overall, one of the best games I have ever played. When I played it back in 2010-2011, I didn't realize how good it actually was. And I'm talking about both experiences: singleplayer and multiplayer. Now, 2016, I bought this game on the steam winter sale. And god, what a good choice this was.

The multiplayer is the strong point of MW2. The community may be smaller now, since there have been so many new CoD games, but there are still people playing. You can find a party even at 4am on a wednesday. The multiplayer quality is fantastic. The amount of content keeps you coming back for more. A lot of customization options, which includes call signs, emblens, perks, attachments... Killstreaks are a good reward for the players skills. I personally like the matchmaking system instead of dedicated servers, because it keeps the game alive, because everyone can become a host, we all know there are a lot of limitations to host a dedicated server. 

There is also a mode that can be played both singleplayer and multiplayer, called Special Ops. Here you do some very cool missions, usually not very long. They use some locations from the campaign. But it's very good because it's VERY challenging. It's very skill based, and it will take you some time and patience to do all Spec Ops missions. It's much more fun to do with a friend rather than doing alone. Spec Ops gives MW2 a very unique perspective over the other CoD games, because in my opinion it's a better mode than Survival and Zombies.

And then there's the singleplayer campaign, which continues the story from MW in a very good way. The story is short, you can probably beat it in 3-4 hours on the regular difficulty, but it's a very entertaing story about war. Although you probably wont spend a lot of time in this mode, you will enjoy the cinematics and the whole story a lot.

Is MW2 the best CoD game so far? Yes. Best FPS game so far? No, but one of the best.
But wait, isn't the game too old? Yes and no. "Yes" because it was launched 7 years ago, but "no" because the game aged really well in all aspects. Im talking mostly about graphics and gameplay.[/code]
This is the game that famously created a huge controversy back in 2009. In the 4th Level, "No Russian", the player has the option to shoot innocent bystanders with no in-game penalty. Understandably, this created a huge protest among the police and the general public. But I feel that because of this controversial level, the developers were able to rise into instant fame and the game broke a couple of sales record back in 2009.

Setting this aside, this has to be one of the best Call of Duty games ever created by the developers. The graphics looks great even in 2017 and the gameplay is superb. Highly recommended for all FPS fans.
Nothing will ever replace the grit and dirt experience of the old call of duty times but this call of duty literally is the number one call of duty. This is where the series turned into an experience and a journey, the campaign is so thrilling and unexpected around every corner its like every time I play the campaign over and over again I am never disapointed
[i]I was sniped by a guy named ♥♥♥♥snipers. I asked him to explain this hypocrisy. So he said ''He who snipes snipers, runs the risk of becoming a sniper himself. If you gaze into the scope, the scope gazes back''

Did not expect this level of philosophy in a video game.[/i]

But right now, unplayable due mods and hacks :(
As a huge fan of Infinty Ward's Call of Duty series, I have to admit that this one, Modern Warfare 2 is my personal favourite. Well it is a simple First Person Shooter game with easy and simple mechanics (like almost every FPS game). I found the Single Player storyline interesting and awesome (great fights, and great scenes in general) and I have to admit that I wanted MORE of it when I finally finished it. Although there were many negative reviews and comments about it, and to be more specific, about the mission "No Russian" in which you are [b]asked[/b] if you really want to play it or skip it, I think that Modern Warfare 2 is a worty replacer of its predecessor Modern Warfare, which was a huge success for Infinity Ward. If I have to mention something that dissapointed me, this is the game's community, which is small and...unfortunately very toxic. This is maybe the only reason, why [u]I do not reccomend[/u] the [b]Multiplayer[/b] on this game.

I give this game [b]7/10[/b]
After some hours of gameplay I thought maybe I could do a little review of CoD Modern Warfare 2.

I'll focusing the multiplayer, because I can't say much about the single. 
I've played it, also on the highest diffcult for the achivments, but all in all it's just a normal CoD Campaign and the direct sequel to Modern Warfare.

[b]ATTENTION[/b]
I'm just talking about whether the game is still playable in 2017 or not.

Let's start to talk about the multiplayer.
Some people maybe think this game is dead, but there still round about 1000 people who playing it. The disadvantage sadly is you'll find those people most in following game mods: Teamdeathmatch (and Hardcore as well), Free For All, Domination or Search and Destroy. Most of the other game mods like Groundwar or Capture the Flag are dead, or you'll find only 4 players who are searching for... whatever.

And if you find a lobby? How is the gameplay in 2017?

It's okay. On the one side you have some people who played the game since it came out and dropping killstreaks one by one, on the other you have people who just playing with the easiest mechanics to play the game, playing with the overpowered grenade launcher or in everyday language Noob Tubing. 

But is it playable?

Yes it is. You have the playertypes mentions above, but the lobby isn't full of them. There are still enough normal players around who just enjoy to play some rounds to feel the nostalic or just have some fun with friends. I've never heard someone using the voicechat, so theres no one who screams in your ear how bad you are. Just sit back, play some rounds alone or with your friends and have fun.

But what's about the hackers?

Yes, there are a few hackers still in MW2. But in my whole playtime I met less then 5 who hacked very 
obviously and if you're joining a hacked lobby, just quit and search for a new one.

All in all I recommend this game, when it's on sale.  I think 20€ are to much, maybe 15 or 10 would be better. Also it's not a game that you can play 24/7. But some rounds on the weekend with a couple of friends, messing around in Teamdeathmatch or Search and Destroy can be very funny.
Good game despite its minor bugs. I game from work mostly as the connection is top quality there. When the game selects me as host it allows me to clear the game of the things that make it unplayable such as cheaters and lag. (Most players claim to be a good host or have a good connection, this is what I game on: http://www.speedtest.net/result/6887526429 )

Overall, MW2 is the best cod imo (under the right circumstances)


-----
 -> Cheaters (aimbot [player aimlock], wallhacking [seeing through the wall], texture hack [manipulated textures in-game which give you a viewing advantage])

 -> Lag and poor host selection (Lag means failing to keep up with another or others in movement or development).


To a player:
•	lag can cause your aim to seem `off` and result in a lot of hitmarkers
•	lag will cause your shots and explosions to appear late (delayed) on your screen - you may think you knifed someone and then a few moments later, you`re dead and you think BS. Either you, the other player or both of you had a lag which resulted in what you saw.
•	lag can cause rubberbanding (warping) and or player teleporting
•	lag can cause your players position to reset (while it appears as if you ran half a mile to a building, you could find yourself back where you were a few moments later, as if you did nothing)


So if you have a slow internet connection, it`s not a good idea to run background downloads or uploads while you play, or stream music or watch video content. If your internet is slow, downloads/uploads could be done overnight or during the day when you`re out. Music could be downloaded to your PC and played locally. Videos could be watched from another device like a laptop, tablet or phone (preferably on another network e.g. mobile data, neighbours wifi etc).

To summarise, lag is annoying and players should do all they can to reduce their chances of ping spikes as it`s possible to lag in any and every online game no matter how good the `server` is.

Some guides you may find useful:
How to identify a good host - https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mw2gamingnederland/discussions/0/1696048879948788239/
Workaround solution for Mac users - https://steamcommunity.com/groups/mw2gamingnederland/discussions/0/1727575977559594974/
A true Masterpiece! even in 2018 this game still rocks! I wish COD series make a comeback and make another superb title like MW and MW 2 ! but i guess we won't see that day again :) and maybe we do! who knows! anyway the visuals are still amazing, the gameplay is fast and top notch, the musics are astonishing and the story is awesome! aboslutely the best stroy in the whole COD series IMO :) the spec ops part in Vet deifficulty can be very challenging and is definitely much more harder than the MW3 missions! the multiplayer is still one of a kind and ofcourse it's a COD game, so if you can get along with hackers and cheater in MP , you are for a fun ride!
downloaded bots mod due to lack of players put bots on expert and your playing a real game ladies and gentlemen

plus this game is a gold pit for nostalgia
The very last great Call of Duty game. 

Hello, I originally began playing the original WW-2 set CoD on PC back when I was a boy on my Uncle's computer. I was fascinated with how fun and "realistic" it was. I was immediately hooked on the games. I played Cod 2 and 3 religiously, and I will never ever forget the day I heard about Modern Warfare. Finally. FINALLY a game of 21st century setting. I was ecstatic. I played through the campaign and had endless hours of multiplayer logged on my Xbox 360. After doing everything I thought possible in that game, my dream came true, and another was released. To some, there's almost no difference between CoD4MW, and MW2. To others, like myself, there's an indescribable gap between the two games, where MW2 is on a whole new and higher level. To me, no other shooter game has had the balance MW2 had. It has set a standard for me that I look to in other FPS games, often times I find no equal, save the original Black Ops game. This balance is what made the game for me. I've never been a person to be "naturally" good at video games. MW2 was one where I excelled. Because I had a fighting chance. I found my niche and I stuck with it. I maxed the game on my Xbox 360, and eventually grew into PC gaming, leaving consoles behind. I only have a few minutes played on this game so far, but I had to actually back out and type this up even after the first few matches. It has been such a trip for me going through the menus and the lobby system. If you're considering buying this game for nostalgia, do it. Do it and don't take any flak that comes to you. Do it, and relive your early teens of shitty girlfriends, mountain dew, and yelling at your parents. If you've never played MW2 and are looking to see the hype, I'm afraid it's gone forever. There's a few people around on the servers, but the HYPE, the actual maxed pace heartbeat of a game that took the world by storm is gone forever and ever. Then again, maybe that's the beautiful thing. Maybe that's what has this game frozen in time as one of the all time greatest. 

Forever and ever, Modern Warfare 2. 

NuovaVita
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☑ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☑ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☑ 90' PC
☑ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☑ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☑ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes
It's NOT full of cheaters! I'd lie if i'd never seen one on this game, but this is the least hacked CoD out there.
And lets face it... The best CoD ever
You know, honestly speaking... I don't think MW2 needs a remastering like MW1 did, the game still looks fucking great by today's standards. Always a good game to play.
never forget playing this on my Modern Warfare 2 Edition Xbox 360

oh how times have changed. yet the more things change, the more they stay the same.
I sometimes wonder. In total, if you took all the accumulated video time on Youtube. All those billions of hours stored on it. What percent of that is just old forgotten MW2 Frag Montages set to Thirty Seconds to Mars?
Unlike the newer Call of Duty games that are set in the future, with their parkour like movement systems and disappointing micro-transactions, and the older Call of Duty games set during the hard times of World War 2. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 manages to build upon its predecessor Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare and create what every Call of Duty game should aim to be. This means fast-paced combat with balanced weapons alongside decent graphics that represent the optimum power of technology the year it was created. This is exactly what Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 has done and why it stands out to me as the best Call of Duty game to this date.
I have over 750 hours on the multiplayer for this game on PC during 2017 alone, not to mention my time on Xbox 360 and PS3 in 2009 and beyond.  The meager playtime you see is just for single-player.  I realize that this is an absurd amount of time spent on a game like this -- but if anyone's qualified to review this, it's this guy here.  Clearly, this review will be mostly multiplayer oriented.  However, I did finally check out the story mode in 2018, so here goes.

Here's my impression of the single-player story: SENSORY OVERLOAD.  This game has no pacing whatsoever, in that there is literally no downtime to kind of recollect yourself.  There are explosions non-stop, motion blur and shellshock effects everywhere, enemies swarming all over the place like the story itself, and so on.  From start to finish, it is non-stop action.  The levels are mostly decent, albeit the psychic enemies with perfect aim (along with the absurd viewkick) on harder difficulties can frustrate.  The only level I truly despised was the first favela mission, as dealing with the infinite enemies was a chore.  The optimization is mostly fine, except this is a straight console port.  No FOV slider, no PC specific adjustments, etc.  This game also seems to be CPU focused, so anyone with a weaker CPU (or especially streaming on 1 PC with OBS Studio) may face challenges.  However, this game's single-player is perfect for those who just want an obscene amount of mindless action.  I dig it.

This review's focus is on the multiplayer, though, as that seems to be what most people are curious about.  And after wading through the highest of the highs MW2 offers with the lowest of the lows, there are things people should know about this game in 2018, should they consider buying it.

I've played most other CoDs, and personally, this game's gunplay feels the best out of all the games in the series.  Guns shoot where you aim, even on most lag, and the player can use a lot of different guns and perk combinations while still being functional.  It really is true in this game that, "If every gun is OP, nothing is OP."  There are, say, only a few guns and perks I would advise against using, although the UMP/Famas/Intervention is king.  The former is true if you're like me, and staunchly refuse to use the dirtbag One Man Army/Grenade Launcher/Danger Close exploit.

This is the perfect segway to speak about the playerbase that still plays this game.  Let's get this out of the way.  Yes, there are a lot of players that will use the noobtube nonsense 100% of the time.  Couple with that, there are quite a lot of cheaters in this game, too.  They only serve to frustrate and get reactions from others players, who are just looking to have fun.  However, fortunately, there are also a lot of players just looking to play and get a few games in for that 2009 nostalgia.  The lobbies in this game truly are run by jungle law, as Activision (unsurprisingly, since they don't even seem to care about CoD WW2) doesn't moderate cheating in MW2.  Therefore, your experience in this game will be based simply on the other players in your game.  If they're not cheating, not tubing, and the host isn't on Dollar Tree internet, this game is still fantastic online.

Keep in mind -- this is a straight-up console port.  The optimization here is quite a mixed bag.  On one hand, the framerate is capped at 90fps, no FOV slider, ONE slider for audio, and so on.   However, the game does still run smooth on max settings (i7 CPU and a 1080ti), and I've only encountered a handful of crashes.  Not necessarily exclusive to console games, but just as important to mention, MW2 IS P2P-CONNECTION BASED.  This is a deal breaker for a lot of PC gamers, sometimes moreso than the 90fps cap.  If anyone is looking for a CoD with dedicated servers, MW2 isn't your game.  For others not put off by this, though, this game runs smooth enough.

The only other complaint I have is the DLC, which completely fragments the playerbase.  I truly wish Activision would do what they did with CoD4 and World at War, and package in the 10 DLC maps with the base game.  I happen to like playing the DLC maps, but the playerbase expectedly drops off significantly.  The silver lining here is that there aren't nearly as many cheaters that play in DLC lobbies, but at the expense of proportionately more noobtubers.  The dilemma here is this: do I play in regular lobbies with more players but more cheaters, or do I play in DLC lobbies with less people but less cheaters?  I ultimately have been choosing to take my chances with the regular lobbies, so I cannot recommend the DLC at this point in time.

But, really, this game is just so much fun online when everything breaks right.  MW2 comes with 16 maps in the base game (almost double what CoD WW2 gave us at launch!), tons of guns to unlock, perks to improve, classes to experiment with, and so on.  Although it's a mystery that people don't play Ground War on PC (unlike on Xbox 360, where there's usually a full lobby up), as well as some other modes, there still are many games with TDM, some Domination, and even some S&D too.  There's three conditions to having a fantastic time in MW2 multiplayer, in my opinion: no cheaters, no tubers, and no bad hosts.  Should these conditions be met, I can absolutely still recommend this game.

One disclaimer: I have not played the Spec Ops portion of this game, although I guess it's a good co-op diversion to sink some time into.  I guess.  I have no idea, so I would look elsewhere for opinions for this game mode.

Although I really love this game, I realize that MW2 isn't for absolutely everyone.  The player may need to have the patience of a buddhist monk at times to await the right lobby to actually play the game on fair terms.  However, when that happens, MW2 is FPS nirvana online.  And if the player doesn't care about multiplayer, then their experience gets a whole lot more reliable with the over-the-top single-player story.  Either way, MW2 is a flawed classic, but it's still a classic.
I was interested if this COD will be fun and playable like it was almost 10 years ago. I am not a big fan of the latest games from this franchise, but back at the day - I was having a blast playing this game. And guess what? It still rocks. 

SP campaign is a high-octane rollercoaster ride and it still feels like you are a starring role in some Hollywood action blockbuster movie. Full of special effects, slow-mo scenes, vehicle driving, and stealth missions and of course tons and tons of great shooting - the gameplay delivers that well known COD look, feel and play. It can be overwhelming at times, but that is what you can expect from these games.

Spec Ops are a welcomed addition to the game, as the challenges will be taken a step further. They are designed in that way, that you will always crave for more of them, and kept pushing yourself to be a bit more precise, faster and smarter.

MP is the foundation of this game, as it is polished to the max, but still stripped from those things that ruined many (but not all) of the COD titles that followed this one. And the best part - people are still actively playing it! 

All in all - this package is one of the finest packages that you can find if you are an FPS player. Well worth the money, even after all these years.
Without doubt, the best Call of Duty game ever made. In no other game can you connect with characters in the way you can in MW2. Multiplayer also, in my opinion best ever.
In my opinion this is CoD's peak. It's not balanced and it's old by today's standards but it's still has a kick-ass story and unforgettable multiplayer.

Hail to the king baby.
Good old classic COD, with very few cheaters on multi compared to many of the other installments. Recommended for those just looking to play a good solid fps.
Good game and probably the best Call of Duty ever, you'll find cheaters very often, but when you don't it is an awesome experience. Its fast paced combat where you have to constantly flick your mouse is awesome.
Everyone has that game that defined their childhood, and Modern Warfare 2 is that game for me. It released when I was only twelve years old in 2009.  I have played this game on PS3, Xbox 360 and now PC. I love the PC version of this game. The PC version was able to make this almost decade-old game feel brand new again and for that, I really appreciate it. The multiplayer is still thriving on PC compared to the console versions.
This game is responsible for so many good memories and great friends. Hardcore Mosh-pit back in the good ol' days was an absolute blast. Joined my first clan in this game, and those members would go on to be close friends even to this day. I am so grateful to this title for giving me a sense of belonging when I needed it most. 10/10 

Recently, the game has been reduced to hackers and a small playerbase consisting of mostly foreigners that are finally buying it at a discount price. (nothing wrong with foreigners, it's just hard to find a game with good connection because of the game's 'Host' system.) The only playlist that people join is 'soft-core' Team Deathmatch ( which is boring and makes only a few guns viable in my opinion). You're lucky to see 300 players online max on a good day. I wouldn't recommend getting this game at this point in time because it will not deliver the riveting experience it did back in the day. However! maybe if everyone did buy it and play it, it could be revived to its former glory? I can only hope.
one of the best classics ever 11/10
can run on crap pcs 
good story 
still has multiplayer 
difficult on vet but im one mission away 
replay value is good since you can look for intel or play a part you liked again. shame that spec ops is pretty differcult to find a partner to do co-op only missions
Coming from someone that's played a lot COD game's, this one is a must buy if you're a COD fan. I didn't play the multiplayer, but I got a feel for the game from the special ops and campaign. 

Let me talk about the campaign.
I beat the ENTIRE game on Veteran, and it was fun, but also HELL. It was 6 hours of action, stealth and tactics. 
This might be one of the ONLY cod games where you need to use tactics to win.

Buy this game.

8.5/10
I would call this game the best time of COD multiplayer, it is flawless, customization is top-notch, it's very fun, the matchmaking is great. (It's still great, after 10 years.) Now, we get to the singleplayer, the singleplayer has one of the best COD stories i've seen personally. And other than that, it's a continuation of the first game: "Call Of Duty 4: Modern Warfare"
The museum after you end the campaign was a nice touch, you could kill General Shepherd again and again which was fun.
For me, it's a great 9/10 game. If you're a COD fan, this one is a must-have.

It's fun when there are no hackers around in lobbies, multiplayer that is.

No matter what, Spec-Ops and singleplayer campaign will always save this legend of a game. An instant classic.
this gave me a blast to the past but there are way to many hackers but this game is 7 years old so thats not gonna change just like my sexuality #obamaforprez #suckitbernie #9/11
This IS a good game. BUT BE WARNED - [b]Multiplayer is littered with hackers and cheaters.[/b] 

There is a noticable number of players who are one or more of the following:
[list]
    [*]Invincible
    [*]Able to kick other players at will
    [*]Able to unlock max rank etc.
    [*]Using aim bots
    [*]Using wall hacks
    [*]Have unlimited knife/melee distance
    [*]Able to control public lobbies as if they were private ones
    [*]and various other things.
[/list]

Infinity Ward/Activision don't care, they're busy squeezing cash out of fanboys' pockets. I've contacted Activision support multiple times, and they literally don't care at all. Considering they're still charging £20 for the game, I'd say that's disgusting...

It's a great shame, because it has a great single-player, great co-op, and the multiplayer IS good, but people have ruined it. All I can really do at this point is go to their Steam profiles and report a violation. Some people will rage in the text chat "why must you hack? it's ruining the game" or similar, and 99% of the time the response is "hahaha cry more" or "shut up u faggot", as you'd expect. It's be GLORIOUS if these toxic people were VAC banned, but I doubt any of the higher-ups will do anything about it.

Not so much angry, as I am sad.

Edit: Steam displays my hours played in single player. I currently have 69 hours in multiplayer at time of edit.

Edit 2: The 'unhelpful' votes for this review are from fanboys who are infatuated with grenade launchers, trickshots, and probably some hackers themselves.

Which reminds me... the playerbase in MW2 is [i][b]outrageously[/b][/i] toxic. The number of times I've been called a f#ggot, had cancer wished upon, been told to kill myself, insulted for using a certain weapon or equipment... seriously, someone wished for my mother to die of explosive diarrhoea because I was using an MP5K. I don't get it.
The audio's ruined and everything sounds like it's behind me even if I use a 7.1 headset. This whole ordeal with not being able to hear where the enemy's at, completely ruined the entire experience for me. 

Don't get me wrong, the graphics are still good, didn't see any glitches or bugs during my playtrough, and if it wasn't for the sound, I would have given it a thumbs up for sure. Sadly though, I just can't stand being shot from every direction and not know where it's coming from, before I actually see the one who's shooting at me. 


If you can deal with this, buy it, if not, wait for remake or something instead.
