I enjoy playing NWO for years now, so here is my review...

The game is on the market for years now, so not everyone with good equipment in NWO has bought it with real money, they just played the game for a long time to get where they're now.

How to get to that point, or how to improve your characters without grinding to hell and back, or paying insane amounts of money?
Follow the quest lines, do your daily routine of running random dungeons/skirmishes, keep an eye on your in game calendar, and use events to your advantage.
Professions have been changed completly, so it will take some time to figure out what's the best to do and how to profit from it again.

I also suggest to start with the Oathbound Paladin as your "testing new areas" or "farming something" go-to character.
The OP is a solid class choice for the beginning, that combines the possibilities to either heal, tank or deal decent damage within one single class.

If dealing with enemies from a distance is more your thing, give the Scourge Warlock a try.

Depending on what class you choose to run with in the end, you might want to get a healing companion as backup - check the Auction House for a decent rare or epic one.

With Ravenloft it has become very easy to "catch up", just level a character to 70, receive the quest "Unwelcome guests." from Lord Neverember in Protectors Enclave, play through it, follow the road to the town in Barovia, talk to Esmeralda and get the Vistani Rewards.
The Vistani Rewards contain a full set of armor, artifacts and weapons allready filled with Rank 8 enchantments.
Then buy a cheap armor/weapon enchantment from the AH, rare or epic companions as well, get more rare or epic mounts from events, and you've a solid base from which you can continue building up your character.

You can get another free R14 enchantment from the Aquisition Incorporated campaign for every character. 

Here're a few usefull links and informations, that'll hopefully help you in NWO:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Neverwinter/wiki/leveling
how to unlock chat, auction house and more.

http://neverwinter.gamepedia.com/Sword_Coast_Chronicles_Campaign
gives you something to follow, and a few good rewards on your way to level 70.

http://forum.arcgames.com/neverwinter/categories/guild-recruitment-pc
look for a decent guild and join one, this will also make NWO easier and more fun to play.

http://neverwinter.gamepedia.com/Astral_Diamond
read up about AD, and start doing those random daily dungeons/skirmishes to earn it.

https://neverwinter.gamepedia.com/VIP_Program
is another good source for a steady AD income from opening lockboxes (avoid the new lockbox, and any other with "adventurer" or "fashion" packs in it) with the daily key you get from it, and the ViP perks you unlock in time aren't that bad either.

https://neverwinter.gamepedia.com/Invocation
another source of usefull items and bonus XP.

https://neverwinter.gamepedia.com/Events
can give you a whole boatload of free items and AD. next one in line is the Winter Festival, get one character to level 30 before it is active, and you can make millions of AD from it with a bit of loot luck.

http://www.arcgames.com/en/games/neverwinter/news/detail/10819944-arc-quests-pc-improvements-on-the-horizon
hopefully more free ZEN, when it's up and running again.

And when you want to spend ZEN, be smart and only "shop", when they've a winter/summer sale (40% discount on anything) going.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Neverwinter/wiki/currencies
last but not least, read this before buying ZEN through Steam...

In the end, how far you get in NWO is up to you, the F2P system is pretty fair, and the community isn't that bad either.

My NWO Refer a Friend link:
https://www.arcgames.com/en/nw-refer-a-friend/accept?ref=WWVMd1pGdEthb0lNMnNBRXFxTHVBZz09 
after using the link, log into the Arc game launcher once to complete the process, you can find your goodies either through the Rewards Claim Agent in Protectors Enclave,
or hit L, Claim Valuables, and then open the Promo Tab.

Welcome to the fun house.
Early game is very good.
A new player would likely get several weeks of fun out of this game, before hitting the progress wall.

Be warned, though: You have no alternative way of getting chase items, just RNG. Very.. very.. demotivatingly bad RNG.
Also don't bother with the game if you prefer rogue, or healers. Developers demolished rogues, and at least in end game stuff, heal specs are not needed, just buffs, buffs and some debuffs.
That being said, I really enjoy playing cleric and paladin in party content. It is ridiculously painfull in solo questing/farming content, though.
[b]I don't really get all the negative comments. But hear me out.[/b]
[u][i] tldr: roughly 60h in, no pay-to-win so far, loving it. Can't stop playing, my gf hates it. not even kidding there.[/i][/u]

Sure, there are different kinds of currency, gold aside there are Astral Diamonds (AD) and ZEN. You can easily "grind" AD ingame and use them to buy ZEN (the "premium" currency that you *could* buy for real money - but dont ;) ). Why did I put "grind" in quotation marks? Because it's not even close to what I'm used to in other games, and man I played a lot of them... Guildwars, Guild Wars 2, World of Warcraft, Star Trek Online, EVE Online, Elite:Dangerous, just to name a few that came to my mind instantely - check my Profile and you will quickly see how much I love playing in general.

When it comes to MMOs there always was and will be some kind of grinding involved - the way it's executed will determine if I enjoy the game (sure thing, he?).

In Neverwinter Online? I love it so far. Sure, I'm "only" roughly 60hours in, but I never got bored, nor did I get the feeling of beeing "out-paid" by guys who bought something special.  And I didnt even finish the story. 

Sure, I can't and I won't talk about endgame-content, but even IF it wouldnt be my piece of cake...hell, then I've spent at least 60hours of FUN in a totally free game. 

And it's [b]beautiful[/b]. It's not on par with AAA-Productions like what's-tha-name, but it got flair and ambiente.

And there is the [b]Foundry[/b]: a part, dedicated to players who enjoy creating unique content (full questlines, encounters, story, texts, tested and suitable for every level). 
If you like creating quests and stories, then the foundry even gives you the chance to earn Astral Diamonds (that you can trade in for ZEN at a totally reasonable rate, see above) since Players can Tip you if they enjoyed what you made :)

I assume nobody will read all of this, but if you got this far: thanks. I hope my text is not that tedious, since english is not my first language - appreciating your endurance ;)  (...and I didnt even cover every aspect I like about Neverwinter... :P)

______________

Give it a chance. At least until you get the AD/ZEN-exchange system - maybe you wont like it, but I doubt it. And until then you probably will have fun - and that's what a game should be about, right?

-M.


*edit* Just in case you're wondering: I didnt stop playing Neverwinter, I just switched to the ARC-launcher. Still playing every day and it's still awesome :)
Where do I begin....

You can't do anything until you're level 70, and once you're there the fastest way to continue to progress is to ruin the gameplay of other, non level 70 players. Dungeons are constantly ruined by people who are far above the level cap for the dungeon being able to one-shot everything. The only other way to get to do a dungeon in a manner where you get to...you know, actually play? You have to sit around and sh!tpost LFD messages for a solid 30+ minutes and then more than likely someone is going to get bored and leave.

This is a big time game issue for me. I know a lot of people are perfectly fine being selfish, but there should be a way to not have the keyboard taken away from you just because "Lol I'm level 70 and I can break the game now and get fast points for myself."

It would be the same if a group of level 4 or 5 players set down to play a game of actual dungeons and dragons and someone walks up with a sheet of paper saying "I'm level 200. Everybody clear off, this is my table."

However, when you're not wanting to play with other people? The game is amazing! One of the best single player MMORPG'S I've ever played, Ironically.

It's not as cluttered as something like Black desert online with the MASSES of missions that game is plagued by, and the combat system is interesting enough to not just be another point and click. It's very Guild-Wars-2-y so players coming over from that should have a good time.

content creation is awesome! Being able to play player made maps and quests is just a blast and it's always good fun to just fire one up when you're feeling a little tired of the grind.

However, "Dungeons and Dragons" is the name of the game. And right now, it's missing dungeons. At least for people who want to ACTUALLY PLAY THE GAME. 

It really should be either level limited or item-power limited and if you exceed those level limits...you really shouldn't be able to just exploit a system for your own benifit and ruin other people's experiences because "I played longer / Started earlier"

And what's even kind of worse is that this is just accepted and even praised by a lot of the people at the top. 

"Yes we can do what we want because we did our time" 

Okay, so if that's considered fair, then If I have more hours in a steam game than you do, I have the right to shut you off from playing that game and force you to watch me instead. Sound fair?
Been Playing this game over an year now.

[Note: before reading the review of any player, please check the time the person has actually invested into the game. Since most of the reviews are terrible and are writen by players who hardly played 2hrs in total]

PROS:
-Good class and race selections.
-Medium character customizations.
-Good power animations and combat system.
-Currently 7 different classes and all of them unique in their own way.
-Really addictive.
-New Maps and content every few months to keep you stuck to the game without getting bored.
-Foundry system lets your craete your own interesting quests which you and other players in the game can play.
-Premium contents aren't game performance affecting items. So you can really become a pro without spending a dime. Im a total free player without spending any cash on this game and I got almost every end game content. [Also there's an option to convert in-game cash (Astral Diamonds) into Premium cash (Zen). So you can buy all the premium contents with a little grinding of course]

CONS:
- Premium cash (ZEN) is too expensive if you choose to spend real cash in buying it.
-Transition of the game from last year to now is big. The game has become heavily grinding game.
-Poor Graphics Optimizations. [Not the best looking game out there but If I can get 50+ fps in most games of current graphics demanding games @1080p High settings, why can't a medium graphically looking game like this give poor fps? gives me 40-45fps in medium settings with some settings maxed. Very Poor Performance optimization.]
-Heavy Server Lag issues [If there are too many people in 1 instance, then it starts to rubberband like hell making it literally unplayable]
-DLCs are crazy ass expensive. Hero of the North pack is 199.99$? seriously? I can buy 2-3 award winning games for the same price!
-TERRIBLE RNG LOOT Drop!!!! Which means some players grind for hours and hours and get shit from the Quest's chest where as some people get crazy luck to win the best thing! Would have been great if the % chance of winning the best gear of the ccheat increases with each run through into same dungeon.
-Terrifying PVP Matchmaking sometimes. It's been over an year and it's still not fixed. High Gear score players facing up against low gear scored players. Making the defeat certain.

This game would have got much better appreciations if it was made little easy for new players without banging our wallets to forcefully spend real cash too much. I agree that every Free2Play game has the option to spend real cash to get Premium stuffs. But there's a limit to how expensive it should get. This game crossed the line far beyond the limit..!!!
The game runs purely because of the famous Dungeons and Dragons Title. 

Conclusion:
Do I recommend it? Sure, the game is still lots of fun and it's fun to grind to some extent. It's great to play with friends. But this game is a killer for free players because for a new player to grind through all stuffs and get the End-game content will take nearly an year.
I've been playing this game for about a month and am level 62 currently. I just wanted to adress all the comments about everything in the game being expensive.

No one in their right mind buys really anything with Zen (the currency you pay to get). IMO, the only thing it's good for are buying keys to unlock boxes, but even then you can buy the items you want from the boxes with Astral Diamonds. 

ALL the good stuff (everything in the game is available this way) is bought in the Trade House or from sellers using Astral Diamonds. Going on one level 40-60 dungeon nets me enough Astral Diamonds to buy max level rarity and skill gear for my Level 62 (currently) Hunter/Ranger Wood Elf, including weapons, as well as some consumables, fashion items, and a couple of Uncommon to Rare mounts and companions.

I don't go out of my way to earn Astral diamonds or anything and am drowning in them. I have bought everything I could possibly want for my character until I hit Level 70. You can buy anything you want in this game with Astral Diamonds, and it is a currency you don't have to pay to get.

The best part though is that you can exchange Astral Diamonds for Zen, so if you need Zen but don't want to pay, you can just buy/sell items for Atral Diamonds and do dungeons and skirmishes, etc. an turn what you earn into Zen.

I have friends who play this game and have for years, and have multiple level 70 characters with hundreds of dollars worth of "Zen" items they paid $0 for because they bought them with Astral Diamonds. This is a game that you can successfully go all the way without paying for.

If you are going to put money into the game. my suggestion is to buy $20-50 worth of Zen (whatever you think the game is worth), and exchange it into Astral Diamonds. The max exchange rate is 1 Zen (1 penny) is worth 500 Astral Diamonds. Sell for that price and nothing less. That will give you 1,000,000 Astral iamonds per $20 spent. If you wanna go nuts and spend $50 you're gonna have 2,500,000!

With that money, you can basically create a character as bad ass as it gets. Even some of the rarest and highest level mounts, companions, gear, etc. only run 100-500k Astral Diamonds. There are a few nearly impossible to get Legenary mounts that can go for 1-6 million, but that money is easily earned by buying and selling items on the trade market for Atral Diamonds. That's the preferred method of many to "farm AD", by buying and selling. A friend of mine pulls in 5-6 million a week doing that and has never spent a cent!

This game is really fun an I enjoy it. I just posted this review to give some other people tips. Most of the people complaining about Zen and Astral Diamonds are very low level and have barely played. Well, the truth is, you don't start doing the big and bad stuff that earns you a lot of money until you're a more experienced player, around level 45/50/60. That takes about a month of playing to get to for most people.

All in all, I say give this game a try, it's a ton of fun and all my friends and I enjoy it!
I was very torn between writing a positive and negative review for this game but the positives in my opinion out-do the negatives. I will be as honest as I can in this review for my first 20 hours playing this game.

So, as a previous WoW Player 2007-2015 and playing around on private servers since, it's not very often I play an MMO that I can stick out for more than a couple of hours at most. I decided to give Neverwinter a try because It's free and the reviews were pretty decent.

Immiedietly after the opening sequence of the game you start with quests, although the route for where you have to go was marked on the map and not only that, but there's a very visibly sparkley trail constantly on the ground for you to follow which will always lead you to where you have to go for the quests you've picked up. I thought this was a really good feature as many times I have played games where the map is really difficult to understand and it takes forever to actually properly understand how to read it and figure out where you have to go.

Now I can't give the summary of every class, I believe there is like 10 or 11 classes to choose from all very diverse from eachother. I choose a warlock because their abilities looked fun. Well I started leveling up and getting more spells and I have to say the combat is really enjoyable at the start especially when you get a new ability and you get to start testing it. I was raising all these monsters and spirits from the ground and it was pretty satisfying. As well as that the class has great mobility and has a spell called shadow sprint ( i think ) which basically consumes you with shadow and causes you to surge towards the direction you are facing very fast. There's also a fair few self healing abilities which is good. Each time you level up past level 10 or so you unlock a new ability and talent point to spend. The ability is used to unlock new spells or upgrade current ones depending on how many points you have already spent. And the talent tree is three seperate specializations for each class ( just like wow ) that play completely differently which makes it very diverse. For example, from what I read, one of the Warlock specializations is to focus solely on destruction and damage. Another is to be good with support and aid allies. And another focuses solely on curses.  

So I found it very easy to get into as you knew right away what you had to do, different enemies for almost every quest and it didn't get too repetitive... did a couple of dungeons and the queue popped almost instantly and we cleared it all quite easily.

So at this point I'm thinking to myself, this game is awesome. I'm easily going to play this for a lot longer. It's the first MMO since WoW i've actually managed to get into. Then I defeated some big NPC and I recieved an epic lockbox from the  chest it dropped and noticed there could be epic/legendary mounts and items inside this lockbox. So I got excited and thought I had hit the jackpot and just as I go to open it I see 'Requires Enchanted Key To Open' so I look up the store for the enchanted key, and find out you need 125 Zen for it... which you have to buy using real money. This was what really started throwing me off, I think it's good for a game to offer cosmetic benefits for donators but when they get better gear and stuff it really does ruin the game somewhat. I haven't even bothered trying PvP because from what everyone has told me in the game you just get put up against people that have spent hundreds of dollars pimping their character out and you stand no chance whatsoever.  

On the split side, I have also had people tell me you can sell a variety of items on the auction house and make money that way, but from what I saw you can't buy any items on the auction house which cost Zen (real money) and if you can, it's going to cost you a fortune of the actual in-game currency.   So basically, it's completely possible that as a player who doesn't pay a single penny, you can get your character pimped out too, but you would have to work and spend a ridiculous ammount of time grinding it out compared to someone who just paid some of their wages to get it instantly. This is one of the reasons I stopped playing a certain WoW private server. When you offer mounts and vanity items for money, fair enough. You gotta keep the server running somehow. But when it's gear, it really does have a negative impact on the people who play for free.

This game reminds me of that one South Park episode where Stan gets addicted to a freemium game and starts realising he can enjoy the game way more if he just spends a little here and there, and then it all adds up to hundreds or even thousands of dollars that he has blown on it. MMO's can be highly addictive so there are many people that would just be willing to pay the few bucks here and there for the better gameplay. But let's be honest, that isn't a completely 'free to play' game at all.

On a more positive note the settings of the game can be altered dramatically, even on my awful PC i could run it, i only ever lagged in the main city but almost all of the quests take you outside of the main city anyway, and most of the quests require you to do solo-dungeons like entering sewers by yourself and such.

But it's just those little things that are going to annoy you, you can get a free horse to ride around on, but then there might be someone riding around on a spider or something way cooler than yours because they paid a few bucks. It depends if you enjoy grinding then this game may be amazing for you, although I haven't let the pay to win elements stop me from enjoying it. As I said, most of the content you do solo and it's still good fun. So I'll probably just play it until it becomes boring to me regardless of the Pay to win elements, but that certainly is a setback for this game.

All in all, I reccomend this game if you're looking for a fun game with a good, easy, yet enjoyable combat style and lots of different areas, zones, character customizations etc etc. It certainly kills a few hours and I'll still keep playing it regardless of the fact I can't open any of the epic lockboxes I get. I can't give a completely full-review as I am only level 21 on the game and the max level is 70 so I still have a lot more to look forward to. I've had fun so far. One other bad thing is that there's only two character slots so you can't really try out many classes unless you delete a character. Again, you can buy more slots... but this is just another pay to win factor that irriates me. Because if it had no pay to win factors that actually gave paying players an advantage over normal players, it would easily be one of the best Free-To-Play games on Steam.

I've heard from many players that the game actually gets a lot more fun from level 20+ so I am looking forward to checking out the new zones, enemies, abilities and so on.  

So, the general overview :

If you are a gamer who enjoys grinding stuff out and doesn't mind having to work very hard to catch up to other players who pay for gear and such, by all means play Neverwinter!

If you are a player who hates Pay-To-Win elements that give other players an advantage over you, yet you would still like a game that offers fun gameplay for quite a few hours, I would say play this game and do all the solo content or get a friend to download it with you and do it all in a group. Because the game itself is fun if you can ignore the fact that it could be much more enjoyable if you paid some cash. I advise you to just do what I do and play it, enjoy it, and when the Pay-To-Win factors start becoming problematic and make the game become boring, or if the game naturally starts becoming boring itself, then stop playing. But overall I feel this game offers many hours of fun gameplay regardless of the obvious negatives about it. I would reccomend it purely because it's a very fun MMO besides that one thing. Thanks for reading!
I still play this game, I don't know why. Send Help.

I have returned to this black hole of a game. I cant stop, nothing seems to be working. Not even Obamacare can help me.



09/10/2016- I've Come to the conclusion that I am never going to stop playing. For those wondering the new expansion (mod 10) is actually decent PVE wise. PVP (as a PVP player) is still garbage and p2w, tho as of writing this I think it may be easier to get geared in the near future.

Nah fuck this game
First off, I play the game thru the Arc client, so the hours shown are no where close to what I have put in.

I am not sure what other people think of this game, but every time I play it I am amazed at how much effort they have put into the game.  Fully voiced NPCs giving quests, cut scenes, great music and atmosphere.  It is a truly enjoyable and immersive experience. I play a lot of MMORPGs, and sometimes I will not log into Neverwinter for a few weeks, but every time I come back... I wonder why I am not strictly playing this MMORPG.

The zones are instanced, and your character will scale to the zones they are in, making them constantly viable for grinding and daily quests.  There are plenty of things to do with groups, like killing dragons and dungeons, but the game can also be quite fun solo.  I constantly see people around all over and in chat, and the mobs are shared even if you are not in group.

I will admit that it is filled with micro transactions, and will occasionally give you items to discount stuff in the store.  Also, you tend to acquire a lot of chests that require keys from the store.  However, it is not necessary to buy anything from the store, and the things in the store are cosmetics, mounts, potions, etc.  Nothing truly pay to win.

There is also a Foundry, where people can create their own adventures for other's to play.  It used to be feature a lot more heavily than it currently is, but I think people were using exploits in it to advance their characters, so the developers had to scale it back.

Anyhow, I am no good at writing reviews, but felt the need to share my thoughts on this game.  I can also say that it is just as good, if not better on the Xbox.  It's free either way, so give it a try, and I am sure you will not be disappointed with your time in Neverwinter... no matter how long you spend.
This was my first MMORPG that I took seriously. I really enjoy the fact that it is based on D&D, as I play 4e in real life. I was specifically looking for games based on D&D when I came across Neverwinter. Started playing a lot, and found an AMAZING multi-game guild that are now like my extended family. Moved up the ranks in the guild, passed 1000 hours in-game... what can I say? I love this game.

However, there are some negatives. Cryptic and Perfect World Entertainment have slowly been removing things from the game that players really used to enjoy, the Gateway being a big one. Before I started playing, apparently Coalescent Wards were in the Trade Bar Store, but now you can only get them with Zen or huge amounts of AD. Little things like that add up, and I know many players who left the game because of it. These changes also fundamentally destroyed parts of the in-game economy (the Zen<->AD trade comes to mind) and it still hasn't balanced itself out.

All that said, I still really enjoy the game, and the Winter Festival (on now) is pretty awesome. The new content in Storm King's Thunder is great, though you need to be pretty high Item Level to solo it. I highly recommend joining a guild, and if you find me in-game (Tieran The Blind) I'd be happy to add you to our guild.

EDIT JANUARY 2017:
Well, they just changed the way the loot system at the end of dungeons works. They claim that there's new, better loot, but the big change is no previewing of chests before you use a key on it. I know this is probably how it works in most games, but it's been like this since the launch of Neverwinter and a LOT of people are angry about it. What really rubs me the wrong way is that PWE and Cryptic know they can do anything they want and most of their players will just suck it up and keep playing. We need to STOP playing for a bit, and send lots of negative feedback. If they see their numbers drop off a cliff, they'll listen.

Until this is resolved, I'd say stay away unless you have friends playing.
Overwhelming amount of end game content that will take years to get through. Lots of regular and daily quests to do, and ways to make your character(s) more powerful. Questionable cash shop with items you can buy to help you become more powerful, but Astral Diamonds allow you avoid paying real money if you're dedicated enough. Other then paying real money for more bag space, and getting 6 months of VIP, I have not felt like I need to spend anymore money. This is a very friendly game to non-payers even if it may not look that way at first glance. There is so much content to do at level 70 though and I always feel motivated to login every day to play a little bit at a time.
Even though I am a big fan of the Forgotten Realms Universe, this game gave me mixed feelings. 

PROS: Many races to choose from, each class is really unique and has some customization options like different builds and skills, it incorporates elements and characters from the FR universe that are very popular and has a pretty active community.

CONS: After some "main quests" (level 60) starts the grinding. This is very tedious, especially because the dailies are exactly the same and repetitive, until you aquire equipment that is a bit better than your previous and then you grind again to a higher level area. To aquire better equipment one has to grind A LOT. Unless of course you decide to give some money to the game (which is common to the free MMORPGs). I wouldn't be against paying, but the prices are too high and in my opinion not really worth it.

I recommend this game until a point in it that it becomes repetitive and not an RPG anymore, until then it's pretty fun.
I've played Ragnarok Online since I was a little girl. But after I get tired of playing that, I've decided to try this game. I'm not here to write a deep analysis of this game, but I've played a little bit and liked. Well, that's it.
Ok i am a Old School MMORPG Player & wanted to Play something New but not Super Hard to get into. This game is a MUST TRY! Its Fun & Simple. Its not a Super Complex but it makes up with a Nice Real D&D Feel. What are you doing still reading this? DOWNLOAD & PLAY!
The game is grindy but not too much, it’s really entertaining, the graphics and characters are also pretty good. Considering that it’s free, I highly recommend it
Neverwinter is a massive time and/or cash sink devoid of substance. It employs the use of pervasive time constraints meant to drastically reduce player progression and requires inordinate amounts of time to meaningfully progress without the use of real-money transactions (RMTs). The following will attempt to illustrate this assertion.

To get to the actual endgame, the player must first unlock progression trees called [i]campaigns[/i]. There are numerous campaigns and the primary way of unlocking them is by completing daily quests over a period of several months. Some of the campaign nodes present timer impediments, while others may require certain items. High-level dungeons cannot be entered without first unlocking them in campaigns. All of the campaigns can be instantly completed using RMTs.

Neverwinter's endgame is the seemingly endless chore of acquiring refinement points (RP) in order to upgrade equipment and socketed enchantments. These items have multiple levels with progress bars that require a tremendous amount of RP to fill. RP is obtainable from various sources, but each grants only a miniscule amount of the total necessary. Some of these methods rely on RNG that not only determines the chances of items dropping, but also limits the amount droppable within a particular timeframe (i.e., 1 per 60 seconds). It would either take countless hours or remarkable sums of in-game currency to acquire any sizeable amount of RP.

Once an item's progress bar is completely filled, a refinement item called a [i]mark[/i] is used to advance the item to the next level. A high-level item requires an Ultimate Mark of Potency (UMoP) and there are two ways of acquiring them. They may either be purchased at a substantial cost from other players, or they may be found in two chests at the end of one particular dungeon. These chests require keys that are either locked behind time-gates, or they may be purchased from the cash shop. The drop rates of the UMoPs are abysmal and obtaining the amount necessary requires, quite literally, hundreds of dungeon runs with each taking at least 20 minutes with a well-geared group.

Upgrading a high-level item only has a small chance of succeeding and failure would mean the loss of a precious UMoP. A coalescent ward is needed to prevent this, which may be purchased from the cash shop for $10 USD per one-time use ward. Sizeable cash shop discounts (40%) occur only twice a year. In-game currency, called [i]astral diamonds[/i] (AD), may also be used to purchase these wards, but the sheer amount of AD that would be required is staggering.

For those wanting to play for free, there's really only two feasible methods of acquiring AD. One requires a well-geared group farming a single boss in one of two dungeons for items that have dreadfully low drop rates. These rare drops are sold to other players who use them in mastercrafting; incidentally, crafting is not a viable way to make AD. The second method is by joining a random dungeon queue. Completion of the dungeon awards the player with a few thousand AD; however, this method has a daily AD cap. Dungeon runs may also result in a few items that can be salvaged for unrefined AD, but refining it has a daily limit. Bonus AD for salvaging accumulates over time, thus imposing a soft cap.

The easiest way of obtaining AD is with RMTs. Real-world currency can be converted to cash shop currency called [i]ZEN[/i], which is then exchanged for AD. The ZEN:AD exchange rate may fluxuate, but its upper limit is a 1:500 ratio. This means $20 would give a maximum of 1,000,000 AD. While 1:500 favors those who use RMTs, the ones who play for free get less ZEN for their AD.

A million AD may seem like a lot, but it really isn't; at least, not in terms of the astounding amout that's required for things such as wards, RP, inventory/bank space, companions, and a mount. A single coalescent ward costs 500,000. Inventory bags cost 800,000 each. The player can have five equipped companions and each takes, on average, 1,500,000 to upgrade. Legendary mounts, found in lockboxes, are some of the most expensive items in the game and can be purchased from other players for around 10,000,000.

Direct player-to-player sales with AD or ZEN aren't possible. The auction house must be used to facillitate AD transactions, imposing a 10% fee for each successful sale and a posting fee of 5%(?). Selling items may prove to be frustrating, as subscription players (VIP) are able to undercut their competition by relisting items at no cost.

The most alluring element of dungeon delving is typically the loot, yet no practical loot exists within Neverwinter's dungeons. Instead, players are awarded tokens that have a weekly cap, which may be exchanged for gear from a vendor. There's a chance something of value may be found within a chest at the end of the dungeon, but that chance is infinitesimally small. Items found in chests may include artifacts, mounts, and companions, but they are seldom useful. Nevertheless, these items may be sold to other players, but only if RNG grants an item that isn't bound to the player's character.

Existing within Neverwinter's progression limbo might not be so bad, if only it were comprised of more than just monotonous dungeon runs, inimicle RNG odds, and interminable timers. Juxtaposed with other MMORPGs, its clear those games offer so much more; such as, collections, achievements, factions, raids, crafting, harvesting, pets, expansive zones to explore, and a real economy. Neverwinter has none of that.

One thing the game [i]does[/i] have are server-wide announcements that incessantly spam the middle of the screen and every channel of the chat window every time someone wins something of value from a lockbox. These advertisements are meant to stimulate a player's gambling sensibilities, enticing them to purchase over-priced lockbox keys from the ZEN shop. I received free daily keys with VIP and, after five months of saving, I opened 150 lockboxes only to receive a single item worthy of broadcast. These exceedingly low drop rates are insulting and offensive, and clearly demonstrates the absolute contempt this publisher has for its playerbase.

I had spent a nominal amount of real world currency, which meant I had to continuously farm AD in a struggle to improve my character. After a long year and a half, I managed to upgrade all my gear, attain legendary companions, and buy a legendary mount--but my triumph had been short-lived. In the proceeding months, the developers increased the item level caps. Rather than undertake what would have certainly been another onerous, grueling ordeal, I decided to quit.

The developers relentlessly pursue new ways of extracting an ever-increasing amount of resources from those who have already paid a considerable price. With every new expansion, tasks require more items, give less rewards, and take longer to complete. For instance, placeholder NPCs having a [i]chance[/i] of spawning NPCs that have a [i]chance[/i] of dropping an item, of which multiple are required to exchange for an expendable item that summons a sub-boss that has a [i]chance[/i] of dropping an item, of which multiple are required to exchange for another expendable item to summon a boss that only has a [i]chance[/i] of dropping an item sought by the player. This Inception-esque design is simply abhorrent and amounts to nothing more than tedious busy-work.

In summary, Neverwinter is not a game, but a ploy. Its insidious F2P scheme lures the player down a path toward a destination placed so far into the distance, that the journey is really all that exists. A banal, mind-numbingly repetitive, drudging journey of nothingness. I have to live with the regret of wasting untold hours in this vicious cycle. Hopefully, this review is able to sway others so they may be spared of a similar fate.
I think you can tell that I spent a great deal of time in this game.  It was one of the most enjoyable games I had the pleasure of playing until it became all about the money.  Vast, sweeping changes happened very quickly that took every opportunity away from those of us who had spent thousands of hours working on ways to make a meager existance in the game without having to spend any real money.  They created the boogeyman of "bots" and used that to 'crack down of all of the cheaters in the game".  Those of us who had built up and trained our artisans to make things to sell for currency in the game were all removed and nothing was put in their place and left us with many (now worthless) workers.  All of the dailies and weeklies that could make us a little cash were all changed as well.  Now it's the almighty dollar that rules the game and that's fine, but don't advertise it as FTP when you've ruined it for the folks without wads of cash.

Don't waste your time unless you have 100's and I mean hundreds of dollars to spend.

Breaks my heart to post this but I hope I'm saving a bunch of you a whole lot of time and effort.
I liked this game up until about four to six months ago. The game was fun to play, had some intuitive controls, and had graphics that I've never seen in another MMO.

However, it has turned into nothing but a money grab.

The devs have made absolutely abismal design choices, and have made no indication that they're going to stop. The most recent is Module 6, which was chocked full of awful surprises. It raised he level cap, but in order to get to it you were stripped of your epic/legendary gear that you JUST obtained through the last module released four months prior. On top of this, the new maps that you have to play through to get there are a massive grind, made from minimally reworked content. Endgame content was made virtually impossible, and was filled with bugs.

Back to the money grab though. Basically, what it comes down to, is that this game belongs to Cryptic Studios. They've made that abundantly clear. It doesn't belong to the players a single bit. ANY purchase you make belongs to them, and they have a right to change the parameters of that purchase at any time; for instance, the bags from the cash shop that WERE bound to your account were just changed to be bound to character on equip. Considering that your character, given they have an empty bag slot, will automatically put it on when you purchase it, this basically means that the bags are now bind-to-character-on-purchase.

Why would they make such a change? What does it fix? Well, I have the answer for you: It sells their bags. Or so they think. With this "patch," they released a bag with a few more slots on the cash shop.

Mind you, this patch was added AFTER a new dev acknowledged all the problems with their pre-alpha-quality module, and said that he would "work hard" to "fix the problems on hand." His first action was to fix almost nothing that anyone had complaints about, and try to score Cryptic some more cash.

This game is just too wildly inconsistant. Even purchases that I've made have been changed. I purchased the Bahamut Legacy pack off of the cash shop, because it came with a title, some costume weapons (or "transmutes" as they're called), and a companion. Up until recently, these weapons were reclaimable on any character multiple times, in case you wanted to get your free weapon change at any level. This is the case no longer. If you want your weapon to have the Bahamut style, you must now spend an excess of Astral Diamonds to transmute your new weapon into your old, crappy one.

Cryptic is not about customer convenience. They are about THEIR convenience, and nothing else. Any and all of their "convenience" items are slowly being made as inconvenient as humanly possible, given they aren't already. I wouldn't be surprised if account-wide mounts were made to be purchased on each individual character in an upcoming patch.

TL;DR, if you're going to spend your money on an MMO, don't spend it on a free one, and ESPECIALLY don't spend it on this one. I can't stress that enough. Any purchases you make will be nullified in some future patch. Go buy a subscription to WoW or something, it'll cost you less in the long run. And you can get all the mounts NWO ripped off of it for free with the full game.
So I wanted to love this game, I really, really did.  In the end, I just can't recommend it in the current state.

Pros -
If you loved the forgotten realms books, and setting for DnD you will feel like you just walked in.  They really did a great job of capturing the essence of the world.

The character leveling system is intuitive, and things are explained fairly, if briefly.

The game isn't really Pay to Win in that you can if you try hard get everything a paying player could.

The combat is fun, and diverse.  You can learn many different skills and slot the right ones for a situation, and make a build you play well.

The playerbase is amazing, at times.  No one complains about kill stealing, most people I encountered were friendly and helpful, and I never once had problems finding a group to take on a quest.  As a soloer the part I really liked, no one whined when the group immediately disbanded after the quest it formed around was completed.

The quests for getting to max level are interesting, diverse, and straightforward.  I very rarely was confused by anything laid before me, and found the game fun to play.  Until I hit max level.

Cons -
The servers lag like you wouldn't believe.  The amount of rubberbanding and failure to accept inputs is just ridiculous.  This really becomes painful in combat where the situation gets worse.  I played as a rogue, as a rogue you have very limited armor, and very good dodging ability.  A skilled player can dodge nearly any attack because of how the game shows them to you, well, you could if the game wasn't constantly lagging.  Half the time I would go through the dodge animation and take the damage anyways finding myself now out of position, and half dead because the server couldn't decide if I dodged in time, so decided I dodged, but too late.

Remember that thing about 'technically not pay to win'? I'm about to take that back.  Admittedly, it is technically possible through the game to get a reasonable amount of Astral Diamonds, the currency of the player based economy, and exchange them for Zen, the currency you buy with real money.  This can be done all through the game.  The problem is they are undergoing a major AD revision trying to rebalance the economy.  This means that a new player just starting out will find getting any reasonable amount of AD together in a timely fashion nearly impossible.  Players haven't adapted to the new scarcity of AD yet, so all pricing is still way overinflated for what you get.  This problem may eventually sort itself out, but as of this review it has not.

Max level is a horror show for a new player.  There's no good way to put this.  When you are leveling up from 1-70 your character 'fits' it's role.  If you're going for pure DPS you can put up some huge numbers, and work well in a team.  I've heard similar from clerics, support, and tanks.  You feel like you fit in a group right where you should.  From the time I hit level 30 I was constantly at the top of the damage charts for any given dungeon, usually #1, sometimes #2.  How it should be for a dedicated DPSer.  The second you hit 70 kiss your role goodbye.  You are now in the part of the game known as hell.  You don't have the gear to do well in any dungeon, or even any of the lvl 70 questing areas.  Some players won't want to drag you along, some will flat out insult you and leave you to rot.  You are expected to find a way, by hook or crook to get your item level up to a competitive level, and no one, and nothing in game is going to tell you how.  The game itself won't tell you item level matters, other players will.  But they can't really help you get it up, because they don't know how you can do so either.

Those beautiful quests I mentioned that lead you straight up the levels until you're ready for end game content?  They run out just before you hit level 70, actually I started during a 2x experience event, and I ran out of quests at level 68.  I didn't want to put in the time to test, but I suspect without that advantage of 2x experience you might run out sooner.  It also has to be mentioned that the developers made one of the most bone-headed decisions I've ever seen.  They're trying to revamp all the end zone dungeons.  As a result, they removed all the old dungeons.  In and of itself this isn't a real problem.  It makes for less dungeons available as you grow, but you can manage.  Here's the big problem.  They left all of the quest lead-ins and references to events in place.  If you're following the quests along you will suddenly hit a 'party needed' quest that can never be completed because the zone for the quest no longer exists.  This all stems from a recent increase in the level cap.  They increased the level cap, but never changed the associated xp rewards to get you there, never changed the references to level requirements in tips, and never bothered to think of how that is going to impact new players.

The 'crafting system' or what passes for one, professions, are a joke.  It is a tiered system of hire people to do things for you.  But the catch, always a catch, you can't directly hire the best guys.  They're items, you have to find them, or buy them.  I won't comment on how easy they are to find beyond saying in the time I played I only found 1 green level, and 1 blue level worker, both for professions I wasn't currently training.  I will say buying them is god awful expensive.  So why bother?  Gear is limited in choices in this game.  The best rings you can wear, you have to craft.  There's no getting around it that I was able to discover as the items bind to the character.  Same for the highest tier armors.

That brings me to my next point.  You want to pass on that lovely sword you've been slicing kobolds with to a new character?  You want to maybe sell the old one to finance your new one?  Too bad.  You can't.  Once an item is equipped to a character it is permenantly bound to that character.  At which point you have three choices.  Equip it.  Unequip it. Sell it to a vendor for a handful of silver that is vastly less than the item is worth.  That's it.  Those are your options with anything you've ever used for even the shortest amount of time.  You can sell equipment you find, but only if you do not ever use it yourself.

Everything FEELS like a cash grab.  I will not say this is intentional, I have no idea what the developers were thinking.  Everything from the way equipment works, to the way you feel underpowered the moment you hit max level, to the fact that your 'end game' healing potions heal for a fraction of your health and they sell an upgrade in the zen shop but no other way to get them.  The game feels like a cash grab.  Hell, even the servers being on their last legs, and barely able to take the strain of running the game makes it feel like they just want to make a buck and bail out quickly.

I wanted to love this game.  I grew up with the forgotten realms books, I knew the setting and felt right at home.  I wanted to at least like this game.  But the truth is, this game is broken, back-loaded, and feels like an attempt to extract money from gamers.

My recommendations are as follows: If you find the setting interesting, as I did, play until you hit level 70 and quit.  Do not under any circumstances give these people money.
I've for the past weeks been playing Neverwinter, which I really like. So much infact that I decided to pay them some money, and even get some additional character slots out of it. However, I soon discovered what a mistake that was. You veterans have all probably heard about the "First Time Buyer's Pack" by now, and how it doesn't go well with Steam Wallet. Well, I didn't at the time. So I first tried to file a ticket ingame, but after checking for 'other similiar issues' it would always send me to "report a bug"(which btw doesn't give GM help) instead of returning me to "request GM help", so I decided to go to the 'Live Chat' on their website.

Basicly they could not help me. I don't blame the Customer Support agent for what they can't do. Both me and the agent both know that they are only trying to follow the company procedures, but what the company representative did do was to spesificaly tell me to ask big brother Steam for a refund, so that if I wished for it; I could use that and buy from their web store and thus be eligable for the 'First Time Buyer's Pack' claim.

Following the suggestions of the Arc Games representative I did contact Steam. 

What they said was something along the lines of: "We don't usualy do this, but we have read and understood your situation. Don't worry, we got you bro." I'd like to imagine that there even was a <3 in there somewhere aswell. Anyways, in under 2 hours they went ahead and approved my request. So far, so good. By this time it was pretty late for me, but I was a bit afraid of losing any of the characters I had made, so I logged on to Arc Games' web store to buy Zen, but unfortunately they don't take Visa, and I'd have to go find my old paypal account. It was too late for me to start digging in the night, so I went to sleep. This however, is how I was greeted in the morning when I woke up.

[u] Your account has been banned.	[/u]

Yes, I got banned. Probably banned for what Arc Games spesificaly suggested for me to do.

Currently I have filed a ticket asking for the reason behind my ban which has yet to be answered from their end. From what I've read their response time can take way over a week.

After googling causes for bans I've realized that my case isn't even close to the most unprofessional of situations. Taken from the Neverwinter Reddit; people have experienced that Arc Games ban people for:

-Making too much AD currency.
-Selling an item on the Auction House and a 3rd party decides to buy it off the AH.
-Buying items on the AH which were sold by a 3rd party with out your knowledge.

The moral of this is: No matter how good the game is when the unexpected happens you need to have someone who can help you make it right. Somewhat similiar to an unexpected health crisis; you need to have a doctor who is there and takes you seriously when the time comes and you really need it. What I can say is that Arc Games was not there for me, and from what I've picked up; many others aswell.

If I could see the future I would never have opened a ticket in the first place. All I really wanted to do was to play with my friends. But how was I supposed to know that I should have been afraid of contacting GM support. This headache wasn't worth the money. I wonder if this publicity was worth it for them.
Short version: I am a huge D&D fan, I love Acquisitions Inc., Critical Role and other live franchises. This game includes the story elements from iconic books like RA Salvatore and the live play of Acquisitions Inc. In part I started playing this to experience these epic stories firsthand. If that is all you want, I encourage you to play this, but I still can't recommend the game in whole.

My main reason to play this game was to be able to play a D&D game that isn't ancient. This is NOT a D&D game like the original Neverwinter or Baldur's gate. There are no actual moments of RPG, it's an MMO meant to be played on across PC, XBOX and PS. You get only a handful of abilities or skills that can be used in actual encounters. So, don't play it if you are looking for an actual RPG.

It is a pay to win game, if you want to be competitive in even a reasonable amount of time. You will see reviews that beg you to ignore the ones that say this is a pay to win game and they insist this game is entirely free to play. That is technically true. It is also technically true that with infinite time you could build the great pyramids by yourself.

TL;DR if you really want to know...

People say that this is just the nature of an MMO, that a grinding is always necessary. That's true, but let me give you truth and the context you need. First, I have put in 120 hours at this point and I will probably play more. Second, I have put in at least that much money. Third, I have played Wildstar, WoW, Warhammer Online, Everquest II, etc. and I played WoW since beta until just recently (2003 - 2018). So, let's agree that I understand the grind and time commitment very well.

My biggest, most fundamental complaint has to do with the game play and specifically with hero abilities. Take all those games I mentioned before. When you hit max level, you had all your talents, skills and your full suite of abilities. When you hit max level in Neverwinter you DO NOT have all your skills, talents or abilities. You continue to gain experience at max level and each time you "level" the game rolls the dice to see what you won, it's often a minimally valuable consumable needed to upgrade equipment, but most importantly and most rare of all are the "power" a.k.a. skill points. I have "leveled" perhaps 20 times since hitting level 70 and I have 74 power points, so 4 out of 20 times and you NEED those points, for context you max the power points at 110.

Then there are additional required stat boosters to do the best content and to be competitive in PvP called "Boons". These are locked behind what they call campaigns. Each campaign requires that you do all the requisite quests, spend materials and even if you had those things puts them behind a time lock. Progressing the campaign often requires ~30 unlocks that each require 19 hours or more to "unlock". 30 days doesn't sound unreasonable until you remember you have to grind materials for the unlocks that could take days. For a single campaign you could be looking at many months.

The last major complaint on game play is the insanity of the gear curve. When you hit level 70 you can start Ravenloft, if you haven't been playing for years and grinded out some decent gear, even the intro is difficult. I still made it through with the gear I bought on the AH where most was around item level 490. At the end of the intro quest you get a full set of gear that is item level 460, and I definitely needed a couple of the pieces. You then get another set of quests, NORMAL quests, not elite or heroic quests, just normal quests like go deliver supplies to a camp. I got my butt handed to me by NORMAL monsters that were able to do 10-50% of my HP in damage on a single basic attack or ability.

Remember the limitied abilites? It's not really a problem until the max level. Let's say you are playing a ranged class. In every other MMO, you have abilites to keep yourself away from monsters, nuke them, or to keep them from getting to you. This game doesn't have this. Almost every monster rushes you and they are ALWAYS faster than you. Those other MMOs you can run away to disengage. You have sprints, dashes and other abilities for free in this game that will not get you away from even a NORMAL monster. Far too many of them have charges, dives and a large number of incapaciates. It is very easy to die in this game.

Let me reiterate, you get gear to help you start a zone and die repeatedly to NORMAL monsters in the area. WTF.

This is when I started asking questions, wondering what I was doing wrong, did my build suck, etc. The answer was no, nothing was wrong, my build aligns with the guides and my gear was actually better than the starter set for the zone. So, what was missing? All of those power points and boons that I wouldn't be able to grind out in a reasonable amount of time. I also learned that I needed to do some heroic dungeons that I couldn't get into with my current gear and the gear I needed I couldn't get with doing the dungeons I could access.

Which is the next major problem. In most MMOs the bosses in dungeons drop specific loot that helps you progress and prepare for harder dungeons. Not in this game, it is more Diablo style and random loot drops, except where Diablo actually drops valuable epic or better loot on occassion, this game drops rares at best and often much lower item level than what you are currently at. At level 70 you can get items that can be improved to epic or legendary quality, but to do so requires materials that cannot be crafted and that cannot be obtained without real money purchases, there are so many currencies in the game it would take a much longer post to explain it all. Yes, you can buy these items with in game currency on the auction house, but it still requires that someone made a real money purchase at some point and decided to sell the item for an in game currency.

Ok, this is where you hit the pay wall. The time it would take to grind out the currencies, gear, power points, boons, etc. without ever paying anything is so high that by the time you got to that point new content would probably be released and you'd be behind again.

I believe in paying for my entertainment, but in just a couple months I have paid more into this game than I did in an entire year with WoW. The problem is that I have almost nothing to show for it, I am not full of epics, I still don't have what I would consider my is the minimum required kit for hero abilities, skills, boons, etc.

You can pay to win by paying ~$30 to 100 to unlock and complete everything in a campaign (there are 10+) and get those boons. You can drop some cash on getting those missing power points too.

Remember what I said about game play problems? At max level is where it really becomes an issue and even veteran players with maxxed item levels and everything else will tell you that the toughest dungeon may having you wipe regularly and as many as 30 times per dungeon. Thus another pay wall, the scrolls of life. They made the game play so terrible to make money, you wipe or die? Pay real money to buy a scroll to ressurect yourself or your party. You get 30 seconds to do this after dying, yeah people pay to keep going rather than reset on a tough boss.

I am playing for the story, I want to experience some of the content. I just can't recommend the game in whole due to the other glaring problems.
Having played this game over the years, for a long time,  I have seen it fall in quality pretty hard.  At first it was ok, challenging, but not impossible to gear up your character.  But that is now in the past and sadly it is impossible. 

This game has 2 sides to it, 

 First the levels 1-69, and then the endgame after 70.   Here is the deal, cryptic has gutted the endgame so much, that it is not free to play at all.  The whole point of the endgame is to gear up your character, and be a badass in dungeons. But the only way to do that is earn some AD (Astral diamonds) by doing specfic quests.  This has been nerfed, over and over and over.  They have removed the ability earn it so much, that if i was to start fresh it would take years of constant playing to get everything i need in the game to be competive and win.  Now say i wanted to buy everything with real cash.  Well then to fully gear up your charater, it would cost you over 1,000 dollars.  It is a joke, and sadly even after all these years, paying over 100,  i'm still not even close to bing best in class.  The endgame is dead, don't waste your time with it.  I was lucky to play back in the day, but now forget it.  Because of this, there is a real gap between players who play for free and players who pay.  There is no balancing to be had, thus PVP is completly broken and croweded by geared guild players vs the unlucky few who are first trying to play pvp.  IT is a broken system.

 levels 1-69 was the best part of this free to play experience.  It is the part of the game where you level your character, and not your gear.  The bots have taken it over.  As stated above, cryptic has taken steps to limit AD gains, and one of the reasons for this was to combat bots from earning AD.  Like life, bots find a way.  The new thing is they are crowding dungeons, PVPs, and skirmish queues.  It is now comon when queuing up in the lower levels, to be placed in a game populated entirally by bots.  It is pretty funny to see them robotically run around.  

Now if you want to play the main story quests, go ahead.  Those are still there and will never be ruined.  But by god don't spend a dime on this game.  It is No longer worth any money.  The game is going to be dead soon at this rate.  

It is a pay 2 win game now, make no mistake about it.
This was probably my favorite MMO for quite some time. I love the combat in the game, and it is still the standard for which I hold other MMO-type games too. The Cleric Class (my personal favorite) is probably some of the best I've seen in a game.

But it's turned into a total cashgrab game.

I've stopped playing for a while now, but all the events that I took part in during the last few months I played were something that you'd have to grind for the entirety of the event to even have a hope of getting a chance at some of the end-items. Of course, if you wanted to drop some cash on it you could increase your chances.

They've got an incredbly great system in place for a lot of things, but the game got too greedy for me. Which is sad, considering how much fun I've had with it.

EDIT: For izzy4020[ECDC]
I most certainly did spend money on the game. I don't fault any game for trying to make money. It's when games try to make participating in the game cost money in a FTP game. It was getting to the point (when I stopped) that every event they had took a full weekend of grinding to get a decent prize. I can hear you say, "Oh, you aren't entitled to things! It's free to play! You should enjoy whatever you get from it!"

That's the issue. To me, it seemed like as the events grew harder to achieve, the more they started introducing "bonuses" to make the events easier. The events started having better loot once that started as well. 

I still fucking love the game, and want to go back to it at some point. But it got god damn greedy. I spent money on it in order to have some things made slightly easier (like traveling), but it just started to feel dirty to me. Of course, there were other things that drove me from the game (Faction Drama), but feeling like I had to pay money to participate in events was shitty to me. 

I still hold the mechanics of the game as the best MMO I've played. I plan on playing it again. I just want better for it..
The devs took all the fun out of this game. They say it's free to play but it's not. It used to be. Now it's free to sample.   There is NO way to get good gear anymore unless you are ok with spending hundreds of dollars to get gear only to have it rendered almost useless with the next mod, I wouldn't bother...
REVIEW EDIT: Installed it again, its even worse than it used be when i left.

Nevermind my playtime, as i have played this game since early beta (back when healing aggro wasnt fixed and clerics were the tanks, the top players were farming Castle Never with 11k Gear Score, etc). I have +15 days of playtime on several characters, i own all classes at max level and  a least decently geared up, having tried several specs for most of them. I have played the hardest dungeons sucessfully since beta and mastered 3 of the many available classes (for PvE).

Most reviews of this game are either very good or very bad, ill try to balance mine. If you dont feel like reading the entire review just read the end.

Lets start with the pros:

-Its a very fun game. Combat is easy to get, but fast and still challenging, while being adictive. Endgame bosses can and will 1 shot you if you screw up.
-The classes are very different from each others, each one has its perks, and some of them are extremely fun to play.
-The background lore is right on WoW level. 
-There's new content like, every 6 months.
-Foundry quests, made by users for users.
-Leveling doesnt take too long, but its not too quick either. Its just right on spot.
-You dont have 4 bars of abilities like in wow for example, its much simpler. You have 2 spammable At wills spells (mouse buttons), 3 Encounter skills (Q,E,R) that usually have average cooldowns, and 2 dailies that require you to fill a bar to use.  All classes have a special effect on TAB button, and you have a key (usually 5,  6 or 7 on your keyboard) to use your primary artifact. However you have many skills to slot on those few spots, so your rotation and playstyle are very customizable. For example, on my CW (Control Mage), with my rotation, i could keep 100% uptime of CC on packs of mobs if i played it perfectly, while still dealing top damage.
-The community isnt bad at all. Ive made some good friends, as most players are older than the average gamer.
-You can get anything in the game without paying a cent. Just get ready for the massive grind.

The Cons:
-PvP is rly messed up. Some players went all out on P2W, and are packing the most ultimate enchants, which you will never get even close to, since 1 of them is worth more than the average player's account, and the best armor available. They'll steamroll you so hard that you wont even have time to bite the pillow. And some classes are just too strong.
-PvE is pretty meh. The old dungeons are useless and empty due to the release of the latest +25man "raid", which consists on a zerg rush of people dealing damage. The drop chances for lower tier gear (from the older dungeons) are good, so basically you're being "forced" to do that zerg rush. Oh and i was unable to do that with my friends. Going in party wasnt working, it was random for everyone.
-Too much currency. There are literally +50 types of currency or tokens you can use, and most of them are useless.
-Cryptic doesnt listen to the community, and they are very incompetent. They enforce their changes even thou 95% of the people disagree with them. A dungeon was impossible to finish for like 2 weeks because the item used to enter the boss room was missing. Dunno why they didnt just disable it, instead it was running but you couldnt finish it. They usually fix something and break something else with each patch.
-The game pulls so much out of the computer that i had to buy a new fan (mine got busted from working 24/7, and i had my graphics pretty low. I can play most games with medium or high definitions). Some players using high end machines get like 40 fps with low graphics. Too much bad coding, and on top of it, graphics arent even that good on high settings.
-The healer role is basically disappearing. You can have your tank run a toggle skill called Knight's Valor. This allows him to take half the damage for the party, and since everyone else just stacks lifesteal....Instead, the DPS Clerics came into scene and became mainstream (in PvE and PvP) after being buffed pretty hard. LOL!
-The Foundry. I know i listed this as a pro. But its also a con, since it demonstrates the lack of courage (or brains) of the team behind this game. They could easily give the players tools to make their own dungeons and bosses. It would set this game apart from the competition and put it on a whole new level. It would be the next level of mmo's. Instead they refused to do it, and repeatedly release new content full of grind, grind, grind until your eyes bleed.
-The Carpal tunnel inducing mechanics and grind in this game are over 9000. Seriously.
-The bots and exploits. There are bots everywhere. Cryptic isnt rly doing much about it, and when it does, it hurts the community. 
And some people exploited so hard they had hundreds of million astral diamonds (the most used in game currency), while the average player doesnt reach 200k. 
The most known exploit is laughable as it shows how bad the people programming this game are. This happened like a year ago and its known as Caturday (happened on saturday and everyone was walking around with cat pets, which are expensive). 
If you entered negative values while bidding on AH, you would get those many astral diamonds back. Everyone was doing it.
I dont even have words for how amateurish this is. An intern would do better. I could do better and i havent programmed in 3 years. They rolled back the servers a day, but sincerely, the damage was done already, and not many people were banned or punished, they just kept rolling on their rich and packed accounts and ruined the economy of the game.


In the end, this is a game that had a fantastic potential, and could have been the "next" mmo. But it was given to people that didnt had the ability to take it there, and honestly, its getting worse each expansion, with huge lack of imagination that results in endless daily grind, and retarded bugs that are a reflection of their inability to put their "duh" ideias into practice.

Its not a bad game at all, its fun and adictive, and easy to play but hard to master; but you will struggle to reach the real items without paying; the grind is insane and getting worse; and finally, the company behind the game sucks really bad, at almost every level. 
It wont be hard for you to find something else better to play within the genre.
A game that was great once has been destroyed by a disgustingly greedy development company.

Bait and switch tactics, lying, lowering paywalls, charging for features and elements that were free once.

Nerfing equipment, lowering RNG drops constantly, shady marketing, incompetent staff, broken classes, broken PvP, bugs galore, rubberbanding, recycling content (if they give it back at all), graphics issues, broken patches, rampant botting, etc. etc..

Moderators that cover the truth by deleting any post they think damages the game's already destroyed image.

I've quit, and refuse to play another Perfect World/Cryptic game ever!

Don't invest a cent into this game.
I've had quite a bit of fun with this game. The game feels alive, and brings me a much similar feeling of when I used to play World of Warcraft. The combat and rich D&D story is what keeps it seperate from most WoW clones. 

Arcgames is a shady mess of a company. Their customer support is abysmal, and the servers feels run by children. When I was really liking this game, I spent $50 on it and unlocked a few goodies. They had a sudden announcement about rolling the servers back because of some auction house exploitation, and suddenly I was without 3 of my 4 characters and out $50. All I was given was a reference to the terms of agreement which basically said "once you give us your money we aren't liable to give a fuck." 

It's a shame that a game with such promise would set itself up for failure. Scamming your fans and ignoring repeated attempts at reason isn't a very good way to run your company. Other developers, take note; and players, and beware.
I want to like this game. I really do. But I just cannot justify the microtransaction model it uses. You can technically play the game entirely for free, but you will be so ridiculously hampered that you feel pressured to pay for things.

Want to grind some gear from dungeons? Well you can only open the dungeon chest once a day or once a week for end game dungeons. But if you dropped us a little cash....

Bags too full? A few quid here should fix that...

Moving too slow? Look at all these mounts we have for just a few pounds!

Want more character slots? Support slots? Mount slots? Any reasonable amount of freedom to enjoy this game? I'm sure it's on the real money store.

Oh and the best part? You used to be able to trade some in game currency for the paid one. Guess what got removed? Go ahead, guess.

All in all, it's a good game with the stink of Perfect World and Pay2Win micro transactions all over the shop. Worth a few hours to enjoy the genuinely decent gameplay. But don't spend any money on it. It's really not worth it.
I'll be updating this as I play. So far this game has been fun to play. It is an action based MMORPG where player skill is important. Dodging, blocking, and aiming are all a large part of the combat, which is fun and refreshing in a genre of "tab and press buttons in rotation" games. It is free to play, and there lies my biggest problem with the game so far. Perfet World's microtransaction currency Zen costs $1 per 100 Zen. There are mounts in this game that cost 3500 Zen. That's $35. More than what I paid for my Skyrim: Legendary Edition. Almost as much as I paid for Fallout: the Collection. That is over three months worth of subscription to Final Fantasy XIV. 

I completely understand they want to make money, but here is the prolem. I've liked Cryptic Studios ever since Champions Online. And I love D&D, I've played it for years. I want to support them. But I find it very hard to support a team, even one I really like, that charges these kinds of prices for digital content. I leveled up a character today and thought to myself, I like this game. I wanna support these guys. So I went to look at Zen prices at the market and when I realized one small bag wass $5 and one mount was $35, I walked away without spending a dime. And now I have to make a decision. Should I continue to play this game, buying only the absolute minimum from this overpriced market and it's prohibitive pricing model. Or do I walk away from a fun, potentially rewarding game from a developer I like, and simply refuse to reward this kind of overpricing behavior. It makes me sad for them really. This is a good game. I want to like it. But these prices are unacceptable, and the reason people like me have walked away from this genre.

And while you can trade in game currency (Astral Diamonds) for Zen, the going rate on PC according to what I have seen is around 400 AD to 1 Z. And you can only refine 36,000 AD per day. Meaning that one mount would take you farming and refining the max AD ever single day for over a month for that single mount. Like most people I have a library of other games and a life outside of gaming. Spending literally months of my time farming millions of AD and refining them at 36,000 a day for Zen, for a small handful of microtransactions, is a ludicrous proposition. It's every bit as bad as the insane amount of steel you would need to buy everything in For Honor. But at least Perfect World has the decency to not charge you a $60 premium before they bend you over the barrel.

All in all their overpricing for digital content lost them at least $20 today, and who knows how much I would have spent on this game if I had really dove into it and played it for months or even years like I did WoW back when it was fun years ago. But again, Perfect World is charging as much for 1 mount as Zenimax is for the entire new ESO expantion. I really want this to change. And if this ever changes, then count me in Cryptic. If not, then I'm sorry, but I can't support you or reccomend this to people.

Update: After playing further my initial opinion has only been completely reinforced. I've had multiple dungeon runs ruined by pay to win credit card warriors who run off with their companions and leave the other two players lagging behind and trying to deal with the hate train following them, while soloing every boss and completely ruining the experience. While questing solo the mobs are so tightly packed and respawn so fast that I spend as much time running from accidental pulls as I do questing, making it completely impractical without a companion. Overall, I absolutely do not recommend this to anyone. What could have been a great game absolutely ruined by greed.
This game was really good until mod 5... after that you can give up on this.. Devs will get all your money and suck your soul out of your body.

New players coming to NW... Good luck man, game will always be laggy, no new dungeons or if they do give you a new dungeon will be a dungeon you had back in mod 5, so.. they are just giving back what they took before, also making AD for you guys will be hard as fuck because the game only provides you with random shitty drops, you can run 40x same dungeon in the same day and you get nothing, next day you do it once and you get stuff... game hella random, pvp community is hella shitty they will wish for you to get cancer and die and all this kinds of things.

Trust me man, i spent 4k hours in this game.. Let it die, greedy company.
[h1] 5819 hours ingame play !!! [/h1]

Never thought the day would come where i make a negative review of this game.

I would be lying if i claimed to have played it since it started. in simple very few words this game is PAY2WIN I mean REALLY PAY2Win. Here is why it's that way. and believe me with this you will NEVER pay enough for competitive pvp play. The only thing that hasn't been fked hard enough is pve which is fun yet still grindy, too grindy (months of daily quests for buffs you will need to stay competitive). if you're someone who wants to start playing it for pvp GTF AWAY from here. It will be kinda fun before you max your lvl (very easy by just following the main quests) but wait tell you get max lvl and see how bad of a p2w this game is. 


I don't think i should continue explaining this too much you will be bored and i really dont wannna remember the too many times i  got fked by this game. Many of my friends have quite long ago those still stuck playing have spent too much money and time on it. (Some of you might undertand if you had played a game for a few years.) 

Finnaly, i would atleast recommend trying it but remember to ask those old veterens still online and i mean Those very old players.if it's worth spending your hard earned cash.  ask them how long they played. (still blabbering :c  )

These are my honest words to you beginners and i wish some one told me this before i started. 

 Ps (please don't flame me too hard xC. English isn't my first language)
I never made any review on any game which I played , but in this case I made exception. After 2500 hours played and 3 years later (1000H via ARC luncher rest via steam) I decided to quit this game. It was obviously always pay to win and I somehow acceped that fact, even if I invsted very little - maybe 300eurs max during those 3 years, but this new crafting system was the last drop. They destroyed the game totaly for me in order to get more money from people. Good luck to developers and their "inovations".
I really want to give this game a thumbs up. I really do. But I just can't. I love the combat, I love the mechanics, I love the class synergy. Its all there. But I can't give it thumbs up for a multitude of reasons. 

The first and primary reason I am giving this game a thumbs down is because server side latency can make this game literally unplayable at peak hours and unbearbly annoying at not peak hours. I can't even count how many times I've been fighting the boss of a dungeon and been forced to wipe because me and my entire party couldn't control our characters for 15 seconds, and when we regain control, everyone is dead and we have to start the boss over from scratch. Even when lag isn't this severe, theres always constant rubberbanding issues and unresposive abilty usage. This coupled with the fact that endgame bosses have extremely powerful attacks that must be dodged, can make for some extremly agrivating gameplay. I also can't count how many times I've been straight up kicked from the game while I was innocently running around doing daily quests. Sometimes I relog and I'm back up and running no problem, while other times I relog only to get kicked again in the next 10-15 minutes, and still other times I can't even relog even though the game says servers are up. Its annoying at best and downright aggrivating at worst. Lag is constant in this game, and makes what would be a well designed combat system aggrivating to deal with.

Another reason I have to give this game a thumbs down is the lack of endgame scaling. In order to acquire the best gear in the game, you have to run dungeons. But in order to be effective in those dungeons, you need to be properly geared. But the only way to become properly geared is by running the dungeons. Its the chicken/egg paradox. What you end up with is people who queue in for the dungeon fresh off of hitting level 70 with regular rarity trash equipment, hoping to get carried by teammates so that they can get better gear, and with enough of these people the dungeons become impossble because you and your teammates aren't properly equiped to handle mobs and bosses. And its not their fault, its Cryptics fault for not including content that scales towards endgame appropiately. Its frustrating for new level 70s, because they can't contribute to dungeons, and its frustrating for veterans because they are forced to be matched with improperly geared teammates.

My final complaint about this game is lack of endgame gear. Where is it? There is one set of gear you get from running T1 dungeons, another set from running T2 dungeons, and some PVP gear. You can also get some gear from crafting, but unless you've been playing the game for multiple months and have your crafting levels up, you're not going to be crafting anything worthwhile any time soon. And thats it. All of the gear from the campaign areas is still set at level 60, and no new gear has been added in those areas when they increased the level cap. Its garbage. The point of games like this is to personalize your character by finding the gear that fits the role you want your character to fill. But if there is only one set of gear that is viable in the endgame, then what is there? It just becomes a grind to get that set of gear, and then thats it. There is nothing else to do at that point.

I love this game. I feel like it has a lot of good things going for it. I love the combat, I love the class variety, and I love the (few) dungeons that there are. But because of all the glaring flaws in the game's design, as well as the unbearable and constant server side latency that exists, I just can't in my right mind recommend this game to anyone looking for a new mmo to play.

P.S. Something I feel I must mention (but didn't effect my decision in giving the game a thumbs down) is the fact that PVP in this game is awful. The pvp maps themselves are fine, and the tried and true king of the hill system works fine in this game, but the true flaw here is in matchmaking. Anyone who is level 70 will get matched with anyone else who is level 70, regardless of item level, class, pvp experience, record, anything. As best I can tell, the game just matches the first 10-20 (depeding on which pvp map you play) people in a match, randomly assigns them to teams, and lets it go. Needless to say, this does not make for any sort of competition at all, but instead becomes a battle of "which team has RNJesus blessed with the higher geared teammates". Rarely is there a PVP match that I have been placed in that was competitive. 90% of PVP matches are stomps one way or the other. This could be easily fixed by more intellegent matchmaking, but until that happens, just stay away from PVP entirely.
Run by HUGE BAIT AND SWITCH Corporation

Decisions made with no consideration of player feedback, bugs do not get fixed.

Enormous cash grab platform.   

Love the game itself it's a shame that it's run with such an intent on the money grab.

Any method a player finds to build some currency is systematically shutdown.   The latest change comes in the next patch removing the Astral Diamond generation from the Leadership profession.   Astral Diamonds are the main currency in the game that can be exchanged for ZEN which is the cash shop currency.   Leadership has provided a good way for the free to play mantra...  now the game has nothing going for it.   New players coming in fresh will need to spend a lot of real cash to be viable to play epic dungeons at end-game.... I came back around 12/2014 and STILL am not ready to play some of the end game content and I play daily.
The game itself is great, the voice acting is great. The vast amount of items/powers/feats you can choose from is amazing. What I have against is the recharge system. So basically you receive a first buy reward pack on any zen purchase. Knowing this I bought zen from in game menu. Obviously they gave me the option to pay with steam wallet credit and I did. But I did not receive the free character slot and the other things you get from first buy reward. After 30 minutes of research on google I found out that payment through steam does not count towards getting the first time purchase rewards. They did not put any warnings in game whatsoever! Why should the players suffer for their mistake? This alone makes me not spend anything else in this game. Hope this gets seen by everyone else so it doesn't happen to you too!
[u]Keep in mind[/u]:  THIS GAME HAS AVAILABLE SINCE APRIL, and was officially released in June.  It was released on Steam less than a week ago, hence the "1.4 hours", meaning 1.4 hours since less than a week ago (that's how steam hours work...)  I have quite a bit of experience with this game.

[u]Pros[/u]: FREE! Fun, varied combat and classes.  Lots to do, and the Foundry adds endless adventures.

[u]Cons[/u]: Extremely Pay to Win at higher levels, quests are linear, classes all fall into boring MMO standards, strays too far away from D&D (a Cleric that can't Turn Undead?  No Draw Upon Holy Might?  Common Cryptic...)

[u]My opinion[/u]: Avoid.  I had fun for the first couple dozen hours, but I soon felt the pressure from all sides to spend real money on ridiculous things, which usually doesn't bother me. But the bigger issue is that free players are at a MASSIVE disadvantage.  Fusing shards and runestones is a giant cash grab, considering a "Greater Thunderhead Enchantment" is nearly impossible to craft through the game unless you shell out roughly $160.  The worst part, it IS usable in PvP.  Other monetary attrocities include $40 mounts, $10 slot bags, $6 skill respec, and $35 hirelings.

[u]Conclusion[/u]: Try it out for yourself, it's "free".  The combat is fun and Foundry is great to explore.  Be warned though that this is just a semi-typical MMO with limitless pay restrictions at every turn. I felt that throughout my gameplay, there wasn't any part of the experience where the developers weren't trying to squeeze every last penny out of me.  And that, to me, isn't fun.  6/10

NOTE: Steam says I've played for 1 hour, but this game has been officially released since June, and was in open beta for months prior.  I quit in September after leveling a Cleric and a Rogue.
_______________________________________________________________________________

EDIT 12/8/13: I had no idea that my opinion of this game would receive this amount of attention.  I had no idea people would get so worked up, it's kinda funny watching people raging so hard at the opinions of one person.  Makes me think I made the right choice not to support this game  ^.^

EDIT 12/9/13: Here's a brief explaination of one of the "Pay2Win" elements of the game, as requested by PredatorAncient:

Players are given the option to add additional stats/effects to their equipment in Neverwinter. These come in the forms of Runestones (pets) and Enchantments (Armor/Weapon). For pets, the Runestones are split into Offense and Defense. For Enchantments, they are split into Offense, Utility, and Defense. A single Runestone/Enchantment provides different bonuses depending on which slot there are equipped to. These also have ranks and start from 1 and ends at 9. Four of the same kind may also fuse to move up a tier. The chance of success starts at 95% at rank 1 and 10% at rank 8. You will lose a single Runestone/Enchantment upon failure.

There are two ways to circumvent failure: Preservation Ward and Coalescent Ward. Preservation Wards cost 10 cents each and prevent the loss of materials upon failure. They are also only consumed upon failure. Coalescent Wards cost 10 dollars and guarantees success of fusion. Small amounts of both of these wards may also be obtained on a weekly basis through Celestial Coins (the later being rarer).[url=http://i.imgur.com/d4ptd4R.png] (link)[/url] Now you may be wondering why there's a huge discrepancy between the two Wards. I was wondering for a while too until I stepped my foot into endgame and found out there was an entirely different type of Enchantments: The Armor/Weapon Enchantments.

Armor/Weapon Enchantments are for specific slots in your weapon/chest and grant special effects. They come in shards and have a chance to drop from Epic Dungeon bosses. You must combine 4 shards to create a Lesser version of the Enchantment. However, the success chance of fusion is at a staggeringly low 1%.[url=http://imgur.com/RSHW1mJ](link)[/url] To compensate, they have very strong effects. An example would be the Thunderhead Enchantment. However, the real kicker here is that these "Lesser" versions may be fused again to gain a stronger version. Those may also be fused again to create the strongest version. Ultimately, the Greater Thunderhead Enchantment will have a 30% on crit to damage and stun foes. To create the strongest Enchantment possible, it will cost 160 dollars and 64 shards. Unlike companions, these can be used in PvP.
Let me start with the positives:
It's a faithful representation of D&D content, with a few minor changes that are barely noticed and when they are, they aren't game changing (like changing the race of a character from human to half-orc when the race was never a major factor in the story). Looking at art from the table top books and then wide-shots of places like Protector's Enclave and Chult, they've done a wonderful job of recreating Toril. 

The way they've made the class's powers works very well, given that the game started when the hot-mess of 4e was out on the tabletop. 4e was supposed to streamline it all, but it made it super complex for a pen and pencil game. Now, using 4e's concepts like utility powers and other things like that and putting into a computer game? Wondeful. Utility powers for speed and power buffs are gems that are slotted into armor in the game and are passive. 4e introduced a lot of passives and it was difficult for a tabletop player to keep up with, but in a computer game where the player doesn't need to remember to apply the buffs/debuffs its fantastic. 
Visually speaking the classes move and fight the way they are described in the tabletop.

Mechanic-wise, the game is well rounded as a fluid action based game and unlike other D&D computer titles, it doesn't feel clunky as hell! It makes playing the game enjoyable, espeically when you are playing a class that relies on getting the heck out of the way of attacks to survive. Shopping around, finding other mmo's with similar movement and mouse-look mechanics is difficult; so far only games like Tera, Rift and Warframe have come close. 
There is a simplistic toolbelt, that doesn't leave the player feeling overwhelmed. Two passives; three main attacks; two ultimates and two mouse-locked basic attacks. Though, there are more powers and abilities available that allow you a degree of custamization for your build. In addition to this, there are three class trees and two class paths that you can choose for your build. 

Now... on to the cons:
I've left once over some of these things and now a days I just don't play too much, the announcement of Ravenloft just broke me, since Chult was JUST released not that long ago. This game has a big problem of shoving out content without much thought. As such there are swathes of useless gear, that only serves for AD salvage. When I first started playing there was only DR; Sharendar and IWD. Item level was gear score and nearly everything could be bought and sold on the auction house. They introduced a Tyranny of Dragons and a new class: Scourge Warlock, which is a lifesteal based class with some off-heal abilities. Life steal had been way too op for way too long, so much so that the bug had become a feature and when they nerfed it to rebalance, it made a ton of builds non-viable, unfortunately the nerf was so big it made the healing portion of the SW non-viable. They did more rebalancing and they've fixed it. Sort of. 

They also released, somewhere within the two-part TOD campaign, they released some artifact gear that required you to refine it up to orange quality. During this time refinement was hard to come by and the paltry attempts at making in-game drops worth it where... sad. Thus it got a reputation of being very P2W. Before you could get up to 21k GS and not spend a dime, you just needed patience and time. This made that nearly disappear.

Then they released a level bump with a bunch of reworks and a new campaign, Elemental Evil. The campaign was supposed to take players from 60-70. Here was where they made major changes to gear score and it became item level. Unfortunately, much like 4e never play-tested before being released, Cryptic never took into account player feedback from the test server and they cranked the enemies to 11 and didn't give players an adequate boost. When they changed GS to IL, they collectively nerfed the game from a player point of view. Trash mobs where taking nearly everything the player had to kill and no one had enough health. On top of that health potions now cost an arm and a leg. They did give a free respect, but honestly unless you changed your entire style of play and build you where going to have a bad time. I left sometime around here, because honestly I couldn't be bothered to change to a completely different style of play when my main function had been get up the boss's arse and stab it. 

When I came back, a few years later they had done enough changes and rebalancing to get me to pick up another character. At first I was rather impressed with the rebalancing, because it fixed a lot of issues I had been having and they appeared to do a lot for the ecnomy and in general fix things. However, when I got to 70 and started the grind for gear, I realized that the fixes where luke warm at best. Drop-rate for a lot of campaigns was still terrible; campaign stores where useless because their content had been out-stripped by new mods and in general each campaign still acted as though it where top-tier content. The only ones that got easier where DR; Sharendar and IWD. You need to do the campaigns to up your IL via boons. They released something to halve the time it takes to gear alts, if you have 100% completed the campaign. In a lot of cases this means opening up the store and doing other needless grindy things. If you just want the boons so you can move on to top-tier content, then this was a waste of time to go back and do. It couldn't be done in a day or two, it would have taken forever. 

Class balancing was still a problem. They fixed a lot of the need to put points in the CON stat and then your main stat to live and they added passives that would help everyone. But the rouge... the rouge.... the rouge... 
This class always had problems since the start of PVP, because PVPers got pissed that the stealth based class was stealth based. Instead of adding functions to certain powers that would knock a rouge out of stealth or briefly reveal it, they just nerfed how  much damage and how long a rouge could stay in stealth. They also did a bunch of other things to classes because PVP. This screwed up the rouge the worst and it never really was fixed. For instance, the ranger is a wonderful class and is very well balanced and always kind of has been. It can be dmg or support and its powers, passives and over all builds reflect that. 
The rouge, could only be support in that it provided stunning effects. Otherwise it was very much a damage based class. I've noticed that other than a few increases to stun-based attacks, there isn't anything that lengthens the time of stun, or other buffs/debuffs that help the party. Shouldn't this mean that the rouge does a lot of damage? It should... but unless you follow one build, you will not even survive as a rouge. 

They also have a bad habit of pumping out new content way too soon. Chult still has problems; the game still has problems. Yet they've vomited out Ravenloft, which in addition to not making any damn sense timeline wise, comes less than a few months afte the second half of Chult is released. I say this is crazy, because table-top wise, they could have pulled enough content to keep Chult and the game fresh while they FIXED IT. 
But this would probably make too much sense to a team that seems to have the idea that, oh well, keep forging ahead. I realize they probably have a contract with Wizards to push out new content along side the tabletop, but the tabletop hasn't pushed out anything new, they've just been rehashing classics. This would be a great opportunity to dig-in and fix the game, while maybe adding in new dungeons/ skirms that corresponded with the rehashed classics. You wouldn't need nearly as much time from the team to create a whole new world, if it was just a dungeons. Also, this could be an opportunity to make getting top-tier gear easier, by adding in new dungeon/skirm based gear whenever the tier gets increased.
Not only your chat gets constantly spammed by "Admin" messages about people getting rewards from loot boxes, these messages pop up in the middle of the screen and you have absolutely no way to turn them off [i](not even with paying)[/i]. The best you can do is decrease the amount of time they appear on your screen, but that doesn't help much since they are quite frequent. 

It's not only extremely annoying, it's rather distracting while playing. I've read people say that they got used to it after a while, but I just can't..and won't.

Pay-to-win mechanics are bad enough, but having what essentially are advertisements for loot boxes thrown in your face every few minutes is simply absurd.

It's a shame, because I'm a fan of the Neverwinter Nights series.

[b][Edit][/b] here are a couple of screenshots that I found [i](not mine)[/i] to give you a better idea of what I'm talking about: https://imgur.com/a/Ras0I
They really need a third option between "yes" and "no". 

So, before we get into this, let me say that I enjoy this game. It's fun, I've put a fair bit of time into it and probably will continue to sink inordinate ammounts of time into it. But I still can't recomend it without serious reservations. 

Pros: 
It's free to play. You really can sign up, log in, and play this game without spending a real world penny, if you are willing to devote significant amounts of time to the grind. 
The storylines, while sometimes glitchy, sometimes buggy and sometimes a little confusing, are, generally speaking, enjoyable. 
The loot. There's a lot of it, it's pretty varied, and you can re-skin whatever top tier equipment you find to look like any other chunk of gear compatable with your class that can fit that slot.  

Middle ground: 
The ability to purchase real money currency from other players with in game currency. This is both a positive and a negitive, in my mind. 

Cons
Somewhat shady "fradulent account lock down" system when purchasing ZEN through steam. Not sure if this is just me, but I purchased some zen through steam. I then looked at the fine print on a "first time buyers" freebie pack., which said ZEN had to purchased through their ARC program (which is a buggy mess all on it's own) in order to qualify. So I spent another $10 over there...and they locked my account down for about a week. I could still log in. I could still play. I could purchase stuff with that zen I bought...but everything was locked to my account as an "anti-fraud" measure. I purchased both sources of ZEN with the exact same payment method. Four-five days of back and forth I finally get my account unlocked. 

It's pay to win.
 And this is where there's some debate, between people who understand what pay to win means, and those that don't. You absolutely can, with sufficient, and by sufficient I mean litterally hundreds of hours, grind up all the end game high level gear you want.  Or you can toss a couple hundred bucks at the zen exchange and buy it. 

There are also tokens you can purchase to unlock   campaigns in the game that are, if progressed through normally, time-locked behind litterally hundreds of hours of cooldowns, often requiring actions in areas where players who don't have higher end gear can't easily venture. These campaigns also unlock "boons" which provide serious, perminant stat increases. 

That means this game is pay to win. You either spend hundreds of real world hours grinding, or you can pay money to have that same gear imediately. 

pay to win doesn't mean "there's gear you just can't get without it, that's explotitive". It means people who spend real world money have a massive advantage over those that don't. Though for the record, there are a few items that as far as I can tell, are zen only purchases. 

Explotitive gambling mechanics. 
A few days ago, there was a short run, I believe 4 day promotion, where you could get one of the NPC's from the game as a companion. it was a possible drop from a ZEN (Curency bought with real world money) loot box. Thats scummy as all get out on it's own, "here's a rare companion! You only have a few days to get her, AND it's a random chance! Just keep spending real world cash until you win the pretty healer lady, folks. Pay day isn't for another week? That's...too bad, maybe this will come around again NEXT year!". 

But that made me look at the rest of the system. As it stands at the time of this review, there are, to my count, eight loot boxes you purchase with real world currency, that span pretty much every aspect of the game, but are weighted most heavily towards the professions system. 

There are also loot boxes that you pick up in your every day adventures which, of course, need keys to open. You can either purchase those keys in packs (one pack curently is bundled with one of those loot boxes, double the pleasure, double the fun!). Or you can get a "VIP" pass for $10 a month, which provides one key per day, along with other nice perks. The odds of you getting anything that you actually care about with that daily key is very, very slim. So hey, you get one "free" hit per day, but the urge to dump $20 and open a bunch of boxes is strong. 

This VIP pass, I will mention, is purchased with "Zen" which can be purchased with real world money, and then used to purchase AD, which is an in game curency, from other players. 

THIS, this ability to purchase Zen with AD, is why some people say this game isn't "pay to win" because you "can" get everything with in game currency. 

Of course, that assumes you can get enough AD to purchase enough zen. At the current daily AD cap, you need five days just to get a VIP pass. And that's assuming you can GET to that cap, you have the time (and item levels) that make that even physically possible without spending your entire day grinding for the equivilent in $2 in virtual currency. And assuming that the market is moving fast enough to sell your AD in anything like a reasonable time frame. As I understand it, the current turn around on PC is two weeks. 


Now, look. It's a free to play game and they have to monitize. I get that. Hell, I've tossed $20 at this game by this point. I don't regret it, either. I don't mind spending money on content I enjoy. But i sure as hell wish that money for a VIP pass provided a full VIP treatment, instead of feeling like I paid for the first "free" sample.

Also, there are some technical issues. 

I have fairly crappy internet. So some of it's there. But even when I'm not having any issues with any other internet service, when my latancy i steady, I can spend a couple minutes rubber-banding around an area. 
Textures and effects often fail to load fully. I have given up completely on playing the user-created content, when it doesn't freeze out on load, vital NPC's fail to load in when I actually get in. 
Some quests are, simply put, not implimented as they are written. The written instructions say "take this object and do this thing" and in reality you have to go kill mobs to gather objects to do said thing. 

Quality control issues, basically.
Whenever you play a MMO published by a Chinese or Korean corporation, you can expect certain aspects of the game and payment model to be different. Neverwinter is no exception. This game happens to be run by a Chinese corporation called Perfect World Entertainment. It is their "North American" division of Perfect World.

The big issues brought up by many North American and EU players is Pay2Win. Something that is rampant and very accepted and acceptable in Chinese, Korean, and SEA cultures among PC games. Neverwinter is an attempt to get away from some prevalent Pay2Win features otherwise present in their Chinese counter-parts and to a degree, has almost found an acceptable amount for NA players in their action games, such as Blacklight Retribution and Tourchlight. But these are exceptions to the rule, and these are not MMOs.

Neverwinter does have Pay2Win aspects, make no mistakes. Without paying any cash, it will require a hardcore player months to be on equal footing compare to what a paying customer can achieve in a week or two if they take their time.

These aren't the things I personally have an issue with the game though. Because, with the exception of the price of coalescent wards constantly on the rise, an item required to craft high level weapon and armor enchants, most things a player can attain in a few months play, if their okay with settling for rank 7 and 8, maybe rank 9 enchants, instead of rank 10s.

The issue I have with PWE is that forum discussions about the game among players almost exclusively happens on their official forums, which are heavily censored. Not surprising coming from a corporation that formed in Beijing, outside of China's Special Economic Zone(SEZ), their quasi-capitalist zones. Even though these areas aren't officially ran as communist zones, their strongest political party remains the communist party, and many North American and EU peoples would be unable to differentiate between the two because their are so many similarities to a full on communist country.

--

To get a quick idea of internet censorship in china, check out the wikipedia of Internet Censorship in China.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_censorship_in_the_People's_Republic_of_China

Here is another link to a similar topic, a news.aky.com journalist story about Facebook having issues entering the Chinese scene because of internet censorship.
http://news.sky.com/story/1206329/the-great-firewall-blocking-facebook-in-china

--

You don't have to read those links, they are just to give you an idea about why a corporation in a different culture might have different views of what's acceptable.

--

Discussions about Pay2Win, so that potential customers can decide whether they want to invest time into this game or not, are full censored on the official forums.

Drop chances for dungeons are censored on the official forums, luckily these are large enough chances that they are generally well known, just don't post on the forums.

Drop chances for lockboxes, which function as in-game gambling using Zen(cash) are fully censored and users can be banned from the forums for posting results of their findings. Users that have opened over a thousand lockboxes worth thousands of dollars, have been censored and banned for posting their results.

Please individuals reading this, understand that when I say gambling, I mean wagering money for the chance of something of value, in this case, in game items. I actually saw a PWE forum moderator tell somebody that whether something is considered gambling or not is only determined by a court of law instead of the definition of the word and what the large majority of people understand it to be.

It is believed among some individuals whom commonly open large amounts of lockboxes, that the chance to receive the rare item, which typically sale for between 300k-1m AD, which is equivalent to the price of 6-20 *keys, that the chance for an item fluctuates depending on a proprietary algorithm, and that a player's chance can be higher or lower depending on how long it has been since the last grouping of rare items were distributed from the boxes.

Of course their is no way to know this, all we can know, is that it's over a 99.99% probability that a player has less than a 1% chance to receive $10+ item per box, which costs $1.25 to open. That it takes over $120.00 in keys purchased through PWE to average 1 of these $10+ items.

One of the excuses moderators of the PWE forums use to delete such threads, is the claim that players present the data as factual drop chances while not knowing for sure because it's a proprietary system. Not only is this not true, because the players have only presented information as data representative of a sample, but is in actuality only used as an excuse to censor the information from the players. It is PWE forum policy to censor this information, they are the most strict regarding winning from their lockboxs.

It's important to understand that this is a form of gambling that is not only unregulated, but is completely proprietary with chances and even results of other players kept secret. There is a reason this kind of secrecy isn't allowed in any gambling recognized by a regulatory body. It is for this reason it is unsurprising, that any discussion about winning rates be kept completely secret, and any discussion of Neverwinter's lockbox system being compared to gambling being a bannable offense. 

It is my belief that PWE, being a branch of a Chinese corporation, doesn't understand that this kind of censorship is unacceptable to North American and EU players. It is understandable that they don't understand this, but a corporation will have no idea that it is unacceptable to their customers unless we say so. The problem is they censored us!
Previously I recomened this game for various aspects like game play, roleplay and the fact that it was actually free, With the advent of Elemental Evil or as some call it the "Great Unbalancing" or the "End of Faerun" I can not recomend it to anyone that wants a free roleplay experience that can be played in a reasonable time with out paying large sums of money. The latest patch has removed nearly every feature to earn astral diamonds or currency you earn to purchase things in game or even to get Zen to buy things from the shop where people spend real moeny. Yes it used to be things many people bought with money could actually be bought with in game currency if you had enough patience. Invokes which used to give you 1,000 now only give you 250 if you are lucky. Some of the high quality gear on the exchange can cost nearly one million astral diamonds. To make matters worse many quests to earn astral diamonds have been removed. Many of the dungeons with the best equipment can not be entered until level seventy. 
          Why does that matter you ask? Well the game used to be only until level sixty. In the latest module there is much hype about the "amazing paladin" and how it will save Faerun from the Elemental Evil and how they will add ten more levels to game experience. There is just one problem existing classes already fufilled the role the paladin is supposed to play, There is a cleric, there is a tank and there is a warlock which drains health. The paladin is just a cleric in a tin suit with too much power. So how did they make this class relavant? First all methods of healing have been destroyed. Regeneration, lifesteal, potions, companions, spells from clerics ect all wrecked. Many spells that used to heal you now only give you a small chance at healing you. What does this mean? With out a highly skilled paladin in your party you will die over and over and over again. Also remember if you already played the game before Elemental Evil you worked hard to earn the best equipment for you experiecne after level sixty. This was now a waste of time since your characters will die at every turn. Everything to keep the game functional now relies on the "Oathbound Paladin" or as most call it simply "Over Powered" This healing tank in a party is the only way to do anything in the game now. Potions, clerics, self healing abilities all useless. If you try to level up to seventy now I pity the poor souls that struggle to get to that point. 
           You will hear how this balancing was put in place to strengthen tanks, encourage diverse parties and improve game play. Well if that was the goal you could also say dropping an atomic bomb on Neverwinter will improve the scenry. Frankly it is a lie and most will not realize it until the dust clears and everyone makes the grisly discovery Neverwinter has become a silent graveyard for adventurers that died everytime they turned a conner. This module has nothing to do with game play. All the other classes have been thrown off a cliff with a rock called Elemental Evil tied to their neck and left to figure out how to swim on their own. You will not be able to level up by yourself if you want, you will not be able to get anywhere in the game with out purchasing booster packs and buying Zen to get the best equipment is the only way to do anything in this game in a reasonable time. I have played this game for over a year and I am sad to say all my work and money I spent was a wasted effort.  Do not beleive the hype Neverwinter is not a free to play game in any sense of the term. It is a pay to win game that now only favors the PvP experience. If you want to do something else like level up and spend time with freinds in a party where everyone has a role. This is not the game for you. If you have more money than sense and love to smash other players while marching around as the most over powered class have at it while you can, this game will not be up for much longer with all the people leaving.
NOTE: Yes, this game is free to begin playing. See below for the gotcha's.

UPDATE (2018/12/31)! I decided to give the new "The Heart of Fire" update a try mostly because my nephew nagged me. Within the space of 3 hours gameplay, it crashed twice & we had 3 server disconnects. We'd spent 3 hours playing Diablo 3 & Destiny 2 earlier & didn't have any problems (though Destiny 2 does have it's own *design* issues). A shame. The new addon did look like fun.

OK! I gave this game a good shot! Over 300 hours... I hate it! It has so many bugs I don't know where to begin. There are many in-game currencies, I spent more time farming them than fighting (though often both). There is more managing than campaigning.

In-Game currencies include: Money (Gold, Silver, Copper), Zen, Glory, Tokens, Astral Diamonds (AD), Rough AD, Refinement Points (RP - needed to upgrade/enchant items & companions - there are many), Ardent Coins, Celestial Coins, Voninblod, Black Ice (BI), Raw BI (converted to BI IF you have the right (expensive) tools etc.), Tormalune Trade bars. And then, there are the Special Currencies. I have over 40 so far!

There are daily limits on RAD needed make AD's to buy/sell items in the Trading House with other players & in the Wondrous Bazaar, or by selling Zen on the Astral Diamond Exchange. One way to get AD's is to get Rough Astral Diamonds & refine them. You need a lot of RAD's. One way to increase them, (was) to Invoke your Deity. This could be done 6 time a day, in 15 minute increments (0, 15m, 30m, 45m ...). However, i found out this no longer works even though it says you can in the game! It was also a reward for some Professional tasks, but that is no longer possible either. You can buy AD's for real money, of course. If you don't have the patience of a Zen Monk (pun intended), you will have to spend cash to get anywhere. You see what I mean? There are many like this! The most valuable currency, is the in-game virtual money, Zen. It cost's REAL money to buy via ARC. And it's expensive!

Not only did I not get any RAD's when I invoked my Deity (Amaunator in my character's case), but the more than 13,000 RAD's I did have (last time I tried), vanished. This has happened every time I Invoke! So, I have to make sure I convert whatever RAD's I have before I can invoke & lose whatever is left! And other items & treasure just vanish without any notice when I try to collect them. Not joking!

I got so frustrated, I bought Zen & AD (there are AD sellers on-line where you can buy AD in 1million increments for $$ (one place sells 1,100,000 AD for about US$13. Then it's exchanged for an item in the Trade House, but there is a penalty of 10-12%. Which is why they add 100,000 to cover that, unless you are on the 12% penalty. 1million sounds like a lot... It isn't! I spent 5 million just upgrading a couple companions & items! Zen is worse! I spent over US$100 and didn't get much of a return. Most expensive game I've played in years!

I get server disconnects often, and when the game is very busy, the lag is terrible & I have no choice but to log off, which is very annoying when playing in a team! It also crashes often with the old DXGI error as most Cryengine based games do (I've tried several, and most do this). I own over 500 games, over 240 on Steam. This is one of the worst games I currently play. Or I should say, played. I'm done.

Save your sanity & your money. Or, give it a try and see if you have better luck. Your choice. Good luck!
It is with a heavy heart that I write this review, but I just have to warn everyone who is interested in playing this game. Forewarned is forearmed afterall.

So right off the bat: This is one of the best MMORPG's I have ever played, which is why it's so heartbreaking to downvote it. Neverwinter is a reticle combat, 3rd person action MMORPG set in the D&D universe (sort of). There are a few classes to choose from, from Great weapon fighers to clerics to wizards to paladins, each with their own unique playstyles, abilities and gear. The game is very beginner friendly, as there is a quest pathing system that guides the player to where they need to be, as well as a progressive tutorial system that guides them on how to do certain things in the game.

Other reasons why I like the game include: 
*IT IS COMPLETELY FREE TO PLAY and every single thing in the game can be earned without spending a dime, so don't listen to peeps who tell you that the game is p2w and other bs like that. Though if you really want to spend money you can buy nice mounts, some bags for more inventory space, VIP tokens yada yada yada~ (though as I said you can earn these ingame too)
*The game is almost entirely voice acted, and it's quite decent, nothing cringe-worthy or cluncky.
*The graphics are pretty damn good for a 2013 MMORPG (provided you can run it on high settings)
*There is a feature in the game called "the forge", which is probably the most unique thing in Neverwinter, where you can literally create your own quests and dungeons for other players to run! It's very cool.
*The game also has xbox and ps4 versions, and gels really good with controllers.

Now, why am I not recommending this game then if it's so great? Well folks, the sole reason why I am dissuading you from playing this game, is because the server is absolutely atrocious. This game taught me the true meaning of rubberbanding. The lag is unbarable, whether you're alone solo-ing, or in a crowded hub town, you will not be rid of it. I have personally bent over backwards to fix the network from my end and I have a 100mb connection, but to no avail, and I am most certainly not alone. Sometimes you would log in only to be frozen stiff from 10 seconds up to a few minutes, being unable to do anything because the server is too crowded, or just keep running in place in the middle of a big boss fight only to be greeted with a "No server response" message at the top of your screen after 20 seconds and then reconnecting to a barrage of attacks and a dead hero. And trust me, disabling the "On demand patching" and turning the graphic settings down DOES NOT FIX THIS! 

This, unfortunately will kill your experience of the game, it certainly did mine. And that is why, sadly, I cannot recommend this game to anyone in its current state. Neverwinter as it is now is unplayable and unenjoyable. If Cryptic actually fixes this issue, then I will gladly return here and change my recommendation, but honestly the chances of that happening are very slim IMO.

**BOTTOM LINE: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME, UNLESS EXTREME LAG DOES NOT BOTHER YOU. OTHERWISE A GREAT GAME
First Review ever...
PPlayed this game when first came out was great and loved the Pvp and didnt need to spend much money to be competative...
Now a total cash grab dont expect to be a great PvP setting without spending at least $1500 on gems artifacts and the whole lot to be anywhere near topp teir!
Real shame was a great game that has been totally ruined... sad to see what it has become stop being so greedy ARC!
I have reached max level before it ever reached steam.

Here's my experience:

Pros:
Great early game
Cool graphics
Nice skills

Cons:
All builds feel more or less the same
Solo becomes boring after a few levels
Horribly painfully Pay2Win end game -You cant loot chest without keys (bought with real money, or grinding for days and buying them through AH)
PVP dominated by Pay2Winners - enjoy it leveling up, forget it end level

Frankly, I had been so annoyed by the fees of the game that I downloaded the game through steam just to write this post to protect others from having a similar experience.

If you have an endless budget go for this game, starting by buying the $100 pack.

If not, try a different game or wait for Everquest Next or Wildstar 
(or Elders scroll online, if you can survive the horribly boring first 10 levels)
Pay to win.

The devs are greedy. The price it costs for max level items like mythic artifacts is quite funny. Maybe a few thousand dollars to get your char near max or more, it has been a while since I played so I'm not sure how much it is now, but everytime the majority of players get maxed they increase the gear further, making people need to spend more money.

I loved this game, the best combat in any MMO I have tried but after all the hours I have put into this game  I can be 1 shot by other players because of p2w and in pve the paying players can clear content so much easier. I have played nearly 1900 hours and not even close to being maxed. 

You will need to spend money to buy a mount, have fun using the slow one you get for free, it will make most content terrible. You will need to pay for inventory slots since items have soul bound, shared bound and about 4 other types even if it's all the same item they won't stack. A good way  to make people need to spend money on extra slots.

If your rich or don't mind never getting stronger no matter how long you play then you might like this game, otherwise I really wouldn't reccomend it.
Well if you've read the (currently) top reviews by Dark Sun Silke and Blackdragonbird, they cover the bulk of it very well. I enjoyed the game for the first few hours when you're not subjected to the Pay2Win mechanics at every turn. You get eased into that, then can't escape it. Get ready to have your immersion completely sodomised.

I wanted to like the game, really I did. I played the Neverwinter Nights games several times through, and have always been into D&D and Forgotten Realms, but if you're looking for that here, you won't find it. The developers are using the franchises for exposure, but aside from references, place names and deities who really serve no in-game purpose, the rest of it is just a bog-standard copy and paste mmo.

The game is riddled with bugs, which I can live with - it's pretty standard in mmo's as they're pretty complicated with all said and done, but Neverwinter does seem to have more than the norm.. really silly ones that shouldn't be there this long after release, but then the developers are too busy making things you can pay for. It's a plague just like Team Fortress 2 and the hats.. oh the hats...

Not that the game needs to be made easier.. so far in almost 100 hours of play, I've not died once, and not for lack of trying. 
 God knows I love to push the limits of what my characters can do, and regularly Leroy my cloth and leather wearers into the frey, but enemies just aren't a challenge, and bosses are just as easy but with larger health pools.

Here are some more specific points:

-Level design is ok if I'm generous. There are some areas that are nice enough, but certainly not inspired, and with the dire lack of graphical optimisation, I had to have the settings so low it looks like an mmo from 8 years ago just to have it not playing like a slideshow, and it's still less than 10 fps in the capital. My comp isn't great, but I can play most games at full settings. Any nice areas that might exist are lost to the battering the settings have taken.

-Quests are mini-hub based, and your standard tired fare. There are voiceovers for all of them as far as I can tell (well, in fairness I haven't paid alot of attention to it beyond the first couple of zones), which is nice, but you'll probably end up just grabbing them all and ignoring the 'story', as ultimately you're just sent off to kill a bunch of things or click on something on the ground. The quests feel like they were just dumped in to fill out the zones with something to do and aren't engaging. Grab a few, complete them, and gain a new level. The level cap is 60, and you can get to 20 in a few hours of speeding through quests without reading them.

-Music I can't really comment on, I have it turned off as I use a table mic for voicechat.

-Voiceovers are hit and miss for me. I've read several reviews which like them, perhaps because people tend to recognise them from other games, though personally I find that the accents aren't done too well. An example is Sergeant Knox, the main go-to guy for your level quests throughout the game. He'll start off sounding Scottish, and then kind of slip into English, then the American accent comes through before pulling it back to Scottish. Some of the voiceovers are native speakers, and they sound fine, but it breaks immersion for me when a voiceactor doesn't get it right. Having said that, there are a few noteable exceptions, and the voice acting in the Linkletter quest line was actually quite good considering the difficulty of that kind of emotiveness.

-Combat is reasonably action based, with dodging and timing your abilities for best effect, so positioning can be an advantage, but you can only slot a few abilities at any given time, so you'll spend most of your time feeling like there should be more to do as you'll be restricted to spamming the few you've chosen. For skills, feats and abilities, the descriptions often lack details, so you have to spend points on the skills/abilities to see if they're any good. Those wasted points can only be reassigned by spending real money on a respec, which will cost a few quid/bucks.

-Healing is a lost cause for so many reasons. If, like me, you tend to play a healing class, this is a game to avoid. Aside from making life a little easier in end-game content (of which there is a woeful lack!), there's just no need for a healer. At release the sole healing class (Divine Cleric) was fairly balanced I suppose, but got nerfed for whatever reason, and is by far the least played class. In PvP the Cleric is simply dead-weight unless the player has spent a few hundred dollars on gear. Heals are generally Heal-Over-Time (HoT), and somewhat lackluster. They're fine for PvE, but are lost to the rediculous burst damage of PvP.

-PvP is enjoyable ONLY when the teams are fair. On the rare occasion that both teams consist of players who haven't really spent much or anything on overpowered gear, you can enjoy it whether you win or lose and are satisfied in a balanced match. However, most games will just be utterly dominated by those with more money than sense. It simply does not matter how well you play, or how much better you are to your opponent, if they've paid out for gear you'll be the one face-down at the end of any fight. Not fun at all. You'll be repeating that scenario over and over, so bring spare lube. The fun matches are few and far between, and there's nothing enjoyable about a rogue unstealthing and killing you from full health in less than a second, even though you saw them stealth and were ready for them. Oh, and if you're riding one of the mounts you can get for in-game currency, you can be dismounted and land on your face if you take 3 hits of damage, or lose more than 10% of your health in a hit, while riding at +50% speed.. or you can spend £40 (about $65, though I think it's cheaper on the US Zen Market) for a mount at +110% that you can't be knocked from. Ahh the joys of Pay2Win. Gear has an overall score, and you could easily be matched with other players of similar scores, but then where would the incentive be to pay for all the best gear with real money if you couldn't dominate those who can't afford it? Noo, they'll never be adding that feature.

Utimately Perfect World are farming the players for every last penny they can suck out of them. You'll feel like cattle being herded into pens ready for them to milk money out of. When you step into the capital, PvP matches or higher level areas, get ready to feel like a homeless person in the rich part of town. Everywhere you look you can take in the beauty of what could be yours if only you had loads of money - and loads of money it is too. I deeply regret buying just £17 ($28) of Zen tokens and adding to the whole farce. I feel dirty and used, grasping the soiled sheets to my body to hide what little dignity I have left. You only start with 2 character slots, so I bought the Zen to get another 2 slots and have some left over for something else. Hmm, perhaps a 24 slot backpack to help with the constantly full packs that are deliberately full of enchantment stones etc to make you need more space. That'll be £10 ($16) please.

At least, I like to think they'd say please.
This game is not great. After 50h i understood the negative reviews.
There are a ridiculous amount of currency, completely unecessary, just for the sake of making the game over complex (for those who are not willing to pay real money for one-use items, many one-use items)
And if you get one of the "real money currency", everything is unbelievable expansive.
The constant message in your interface that "people who open lootboxes get cool items!" is incredible annoying and you cannot turn it off.
But it is not a terrible game, even though i think their marketing is the worst for convincing players to pay.
The action is way better than the snoozefest that is World of Warcraft. And for those, like me, who love Forgotten Realms, it is really nice and nostalgic to see the 3d model of places you played in tabletop games.
Too bad there are few classes (for a licence like Dungeons and Dragons) and very little customization or even different looking/types of items (again, for a licence like Dungeons and Dragons).
If you want a free game, just play Waframe. But if you want a MMORPG for free, maybe, just barely maybe, this game can be fun for you.

Update
80 hours in. Seriously this game is a scam made to dry your wallet in order to buy stupid consumables (and i cannot believe they designed this way) that have a percentile chance to "slighlty" upgrade your stuff. A PERCENTILE that, of course, consumes the item you just paid a ridiculous overpriced value. Lefting you with the option of Lootboxes, globally hated by every sane person in gaming.
It is infuriating the way they choose to force you to spend money. All the "you can get it for free" has a TIME RELATED impediment (very long time periods) with the sole purpose of exauring your patience and making the mistake of putting money in this. The game deliberately forces you to play for MONTHS to complete the Campaigns "tech tree". A ridiculous decision from the developers. No one should be barred from acquiring something sole based on an arbitrary time lapse, but from sheer effort. Otherwise it turns into a annoying chore instead of fun gameplay.
Play it, be my guest. Experiment yourself the terrible mechanics for late leveling, but for goodness sake DO NOT give them money. This greedy company do not deserve it.
I'm just playing because of the absolute lack of any modern game in the Forgotten Realms (and Ravenloft) scenario. And i'm not enjoying.
I really loved this game when I first started playing 2 years ago.  Recent decisions by the developers about balancing, crafting, in game economy and random queues have killed the game for me.  Some of the best dungeons in the game are so bug ridden that it kills all of the fun.  It is really too bad, this was such a good game.
Pros:
- Fun Gameplay
- Tons of Free Content
- Good Variety of Classes and Races
- An okay Dungeon Que System
- A Reasonable Campaign Grind
- Awesome looking mounts
- Lots of mounts to choose from, same with companions

Cons
- A huge progression wall after a certain amount of time playing
- An absurd grind to get over that wall
- The wall is where pay2win complaints come from
- I agree, it's pay2win, hard.
- The Random Dungeon que is so broken it's crazy
- Some races are priced absurdly high
- Mounts and Companions increase your stats in certain ways so you have to build around certain ones, really limits your choices if you want proper stats

There are a decent amount of classes and races to choose from, and more to come from what it seemed like to me. The character customization is awesome and really feels like you're creating your perfect D&D character from your facial features down to your characters backstory that other players can read. It's awesome and really gives the player a ton of freedom to mould their character in any way they want. After creating your perfect character you're thrown into a massive world of lore with a crazy amount of free content. Eventually, after playing for hours and reaching max level, you'll reach the next level of progression which is campaigns and gearing up. Campaigns are daily quest grinds for boons which give passive stat boosts. They are reasonably paced with some taking up to 30 days of dailies and others being like 2 weeks. They are basically placed there to add new content for new players to enjoy while they begin doing the normal MMO thing of grinding for better gear. 

The game is great and is all fairly reasonable until you finally hit a massive wall of progression. This wall is so insanely high that if you don't throw money at the game, discover some secret market manipulation, or grind for Astral Diamonds for months until you can pay for the ladder to climb over. Basically, the progression at this point is grinding/paying for Astral Diamonds to gather enchants for your gear, buy/upgrade companions, and buy mounts in order to up your gear score and stats, as well as buying companions and mounts. These enchants go for over 200k+ Astral Diamonds for the good ones and the good companions/mounts go for well over 300k while you're only able to refine 36k astral diamonds a day. You are able to buy/sell more than 36k on the Auction House a day, there is no limit, but unless you are manipulating the market it still takes ages to get enough AD to buy your upgrades. Basically at this point it's either stick to the grind for a couple of months or throw like $300 at the game.

I was able to get through all but 2 of the campaigns and get to around 8.8k gear score without spending a dime before I couldn't take the grind anymore. If the grind wasn't so smack in the face about it, I might have stuck with it, but it's just way too insane and crazy how fast it sneaks up on you.
Pros:
- graphics is good (when they're loaded properly on server), though not perfect even on Ultra
- Combat is fast and fluid (better than TERA)
- Story and Lore is just amazing 
- some NPCs are pretty funny
- somewhat acceptable F2P model
>>You can beat the game without spending a dime; all you need for sacrifice is time and a lot of Gear Score points.
- challenging and difficult maps (good for end-game players)
- good community (I love their Facebook page!)

Cons:
- skipped the DLC (HotN and GP are too expensive)
- some quest items are even RNG-based
- LAG EVERYWHERE
- crap maintanence team. 
- Arc/Gateway website is buggy.
- Frequent login issue
- Server rubberbands like h377, making game unplayable.
- sometimes buggy
- feels P2W in PVP (those that paid for Slot enchantment/Weapon-Armor specials/Legendary gears have a high advantage due to high GS)
- Poor guilds system. Was invited to a Guild after Mod 2's release and months later that Guild died. It's still there, but the GL abandoned the game, and rarely anyone but me logged in every day. 
- You actually have to buy some pack to play some exclusive race. And they're overly expensive. If you're going to play the upcoming XB1 version and you previously bought the DLC race packs, you have to buy it again. i.e Gold/Metal/regular Dragonborn, Wood/Moon Elf, or the MR Drow. 
- Some class are just unbalanced (CW, SW, and TRs are WAY TOO OP!!!) 
- Runestones/Enchantments/Weapon-Armor Specials feels P2W at high rank. The success gap between 5, 6, and 7 is just staggering. Also, Armor/Weapon Enchantments upgrades are always at 1% success PLUS ANOTHER ENCHANTMENT, forcing you to buy Coal Wards at $10 each. The Shards needed to forge an A/W Enchantment are rare to epic Dungeon drops. 
- the best looking/stats companions and mounts are usually in the Zen store, at a ridiculous high price ($30-$45). 
- Overall RNG is retarded. The gloves/MH in Mod3 IWD and Mod4-5's Artifact Gear drops are the best examples. You grind for months and still not get a decent loot while the lucky ones do. I spent some Zen cash on lockboxes and was lucky to get an Owlbear Artifact belt (very decent one) for my GWF. Still grinding Mod5 quest, eLOL, and eSoT for the Legendary Artifact Sword (Golden Dragons series). 
- annoying chat. Everyday I login, a  handful of new Goldspammers, bots, Trade Frauds, and Fake Selling Accounts starts PMing me with scamming Broken English item sale crap... ON MY CHAT BAR!!!!! Used to take part of the [NW_Legit_Community] chat subscription group but now it's just full of elites talking about the latest stuff; the newbs and low-GS players have no idea what's going on. 
-UPDATED: new VIP bull****. I don't mind locked content like Moonmask Lounge only for paying elite players, but adding other things like Trap Injury Immune perk is the biggest ripoff I've ever seen.
-Furthermore, gears are now P2W. you can find overpowered Epic gears straight from teh Zen Market cash shop which allows you to buy to get ahead. Absolutely dumb and nastily greedy.
-Lots of useless things cluttering my inventory. There's several variants of the same item, such as a normal unbounded Superior Potion of Healing, a Bound to Character SPoH, and Bound to Account SPoH! WTH?! are you forcing me to spend real cash on inventory spaces? I did the latest Scrying Orbs quest to unlock another free Emboldered Bag of holding, yet I'm still running out of space. Some of these items I get are unsellable, and I can't discard them!

VERDICT: STILL A NO. these guys never learn their lesson on how to really make a good game.
This game punishes users for using steam and not their ARC service, be warned if you purchase ingame currency Zen from them through steam your account will be put on a "Probatio" for an undisclosed period which you have to talk to their customer service to get it removed.  which they make very inconveinant on purpose so you wont buy through steam again. Steam should remove this game from their service.
You can spend months or years grinding epic dungeons and epic trials to get good gear or you can pay money to get it right away.

If gear isn't your goal, but achievements and accomplishments, then Neverwinter has got your back. You may spend months grinding away for those hard won achievements and accomplishments or you can buy an item from the cash store that gives 80% of that to you right away. Great options abound for the avid adventurer.

The game is either grind for months every day or pay money to finish right away. The choice is yours.
I had been playing for some while and the micro purchases were just too tempting. Today I decided to purchase a bit of 'zen' so I could turn it into another in-game currency to buy a companion. 

They were very happy to take my money, but because the transaction was made via my Steam Wallet - they have limited my use of the funds and suspended my ability to exchange currencies for an indeterminate amount of time. No phone support, you can only submit a ticket which also, MAY be replied to within an indeterminate amount of time.

Exceptionally efficient in their ability to shut down a potential customer in the long run.
From my limited experience in this game.... I can say that it is fun IF you have the money to spend on it. If not, then pass by this game as you will be frustrated extremely quickly.

Pros:

Excellent combat system (maybe the best in mmos)
Runs well on most systems
Decently engaging storyline
Fun boss fights

Cons:

Grind- grind-grind on instance based maps
Will get VERY expensive if you want to be competitive in PVP
Unbalanced PVP mode
Very short campaign story
Recycled maps in many instances throughout modules
Terrible customer support
I gave up on this game a long time ago but figured I review it since they keep updating things. 
The story is fine and you might enjoy it once through. 
PVP and even most PVE is where it all falls apart.
This is most definitely a pay to win game unless you are willing to put insane hours into grinding. 
I have over 1,000 hours and my main toon would still get demolished in the blink of an eye.
Loved it for the D&D part but that wasn't enough to keep me going.
Devs only seem to care about you if you line their pocket books.
I used to love this game to pieces, but with module 4 became the grand realisation that the game is just a massive cash grab for the end game players, they literally pull in player's, take their money and spit them out without listening to community input. Its sad and really pretty annoying how badly the game has been managed, it could of been great but you just feel cheated of your time and perhaps money if you spent zen.

Id stear clear of this and Perfect World games alltogether.
One of the best examples of a Pay 2 Win game - Definition of Wallet Warriors. 

I AM PLAYING FROM MOD 3 !

===PVP=== Dont bother going PVP over between 60-70 as would be constantly be 1 shotted by P2W players. Try to pvp between 1-60? not with our system ! which is broken beyond repair and we dont bother to fix it, only to get new items out and get your money ! 4/5 Matches you will find at least 2-3 or even more guys, with transcendent (best enchants in the game) enchants, which will probably makes your life unbereable and most likely 1 shot you ( by most likely i mean 100%). Not to mention the mounts that give bonuses. Run into some dude with 2k Power / Crit on his mount and you're most likely going to lay down dead while he talks nonsense for you being a peasent ( yes this is that kind of game, where P2W players talk nonsene for being too overpowered and by overpowered i mean they put a lot of money in the game and get too many kills). Did i mention premade pvp teams?

===PVE=== Pve is pretty good (not really, it's pretty horrible too if you have lag...) Expect from time to time enemies hitting you from far away or 1 shotting you, especially if you are running an epic dungeon when even a cockroach can give you 80k damage or even 1 shot you. PVE over 60-70 is pretty much a bunch of nonsense... Grind you way to the 70 trough hoardes of enemies that are too powerfull for you and can easily kill you. Reach lvl 70? Good now run trough an epic dungeon and i'll let you know yourself this time, what hell means. 

===CLASSES=== There are like 9 classes in the game or something like that. want to get really good with both PVP an PVE? Go with Trickster Rogue (TR) which can survive the impossible and deal huge amounts of damage, both to players and monsters. Annoy players in pvp like there's no tomorrow.

===GRINDING=== THIS GAME IS ALL ABOUT GRINDING !! Grind 1000 of hours only to get that 1 piece of equipment you can buy from the store for 10$. Daily limits, yeah...k...more pointless grinding, come back tomorrow for the same quest which gives you 1 point out of 100 to continue. come back in those 99 days to keep doing the quest until you complete to receive nothing. in general the grinding is pointless and gets boring really really quickly.

===PATCHES=== From my experience so far and many hours grinding and playing this game with steam or with ARC launcher i can say that most patches are complete utter trash. A patch is not making items in the store cheaper cryptic... pls.... Sure they sometimes "try" to make something good but it just ends horrible. Breaking the game, from nerfing classes to the ground making them unplayable to making classes impossible to kill. They released a new patch? It's full of bugs? Players abusing it to get rich and then get banned ? We'll fix it after 3 months so we lose more and more players ! Jesus christ Cryptic... broken broken and more broken. 

===SERVERS=== Not the best but could be worst. Huge amounts of lag. If you dont have a beefy computer dont even bother. Glitchy, broken, and god knows what.

===FEEDBACK & COMMUNITY=== Now i'm not so sure about the community on the forums since i dont visit it very often but i sure can tell you a lot about the community ingame. Trolls, P2W, F2P, Flamers... wait... this suddenly sounds like LOL... There are good players in the game that SOMETIMES will help you go trough dungeons, farm, grind, give you items but that's very rare. Most of the time players will laugh at you for being weak and not spending money to get gud, laugh at your expense. 
Feedback...god almighty... dont get me started. 

===PERFORMANCE=== My specs are on my profile, it's public so go take a look. 
Performance is pretty horrible, hehe, not surprised eh? The game has a wide options in graphics settings and visuals but most of, even if you put them all to low you will only get 10+ fps since the servers are bad or the game bad optimised. 1 or 2 changes to the right settings can give you 7-8+ fps while the rest 1 or 2 fps bonus. The game will look like shit on low. 
In average i get 20-30 FPS with my current specs on. Stronghold map, you will acces this map once you have a guild, i currently have around 6-15 fps on that map since it's their biggest map ever made... Make a gigantic map with a bad optimized game, not the brightest idea. On extra low settings you get like 2-3+ fps. Yeah. 


===THE COMPANY=== Money grabbing company. Biggest changes you will see is making the game worse, deleting items that you cant find in pve or pvp only on store. They dont listen to feedback and mostly care for money. They fix bugs from time to time only for players not to leave the game completely. Give this game 1-2 years it will die. And that frikin Trickster Rogue is still op, both PVE and PVP, and we've been complaining from like...forever... 

===IMPORTANT NOTES=== 
There are 3 currencies in the game, (4 if you count items, trading) ZEN - GOLD - ASTRAL DIAMONDS (AD)
--ZEN = Currency you can get only from putting money in the game or exchanging Astral Diamonds. The value like any real currency floats. It can get bigger or smaller. In this game it only gets bigger which means more AD for 1 piece of ZEN. 
--GOLD = speaks for itself. COPPER - SILVER - GOLD
--ASTRAL DIAMONDS = Astral diamonds you can only get from Dungeons,Events,Skirmishes,etc. There is an auction house which only works with ASTRAL DIAMONDS AND NOT GOLD ! 

English is not my native language so i'm sorry if i made any mistakes. You the reader will have to play for yourself and see how the game feels for you, if what i said here applies to you or not, if you feel it or not. You just have to play the game and see if you like it. I persoanlly did not like it.
NEVER-RICH-ENOUGH. In Perfect World's eyes, unless you are a direct descendent of the Neverwinter Crown or a high noble of the Jewel of the North, your experience will be limited to that of the slums or sewers. It is as if Lord Nasher said screw the Lords' Alliance, we are only accepting billionaires.

Seriously though, every interaction in the game eventually comes down to Zenny. Astral Diamonds are a commodity in this game, and gold buys you absolutely nothing of value. They put that currency in there for aesthetics only. However, if you are a sucker for mobile cash grab games, and don't mind pouring $100/month into those, then by all means do yourself a favour and switch to this game. You will certainly have more fun.

Yes, you can have fun playing this game when there isn't a microtransaction sneaking around every corner. No amount of Search or Listen training will prepare you for that garbage. Hopefully one day Perfect World will drop the license for Neverwinter and allow a new developer to take it up and maybe bring us what we all deserve, a Neverwinter Nights 3. We can only pray to the gods for a miracle, hopefully within 10 years best case scenario.
I made a purchase on Neverwinter on the undersatnding that I would receive a "First Time Buyer's Pack" The text on screen says (accessed by presing Alt then "Y" [Zen Market]) "You will receive this item through in-game mail after transfering at least 500 Zen to your account" (I transfered 1000 Yen through steam wallet) Then when I make an in game ticket the company says it does not apply to Steam transactions. Which they never told me in the first place. Then they tell me if I want a refund go to Steam. To be honset I think this company is deliberately scammig Steam users.
So I played this game from launch to mid 2015.

Pros: Amazing game engine, amazing combat.  Amazing boss fights.  The core of this game is utterly perfect, in every way.

Cons: Incredibly deep P2W.  This company has shown a penchant for straight up demanding hundreds if not thousands of hours of PVE farming to literally only turn around and invalidate all your gear 3 months later.  Going from Elemental Evil to the update with the guild houses or whatever was the nail in the coffin and it's sad to see that this game survived that ridiculous dive.  There is not enough time in the month to keep up with this game, therefore any serious player is going to spend some cash to remain competetive.

What does this all mean?  It means this game is fucking trash.
What can I say, this game used to be good, until they made almost everything pay to win, I did play this game for more then 2 years and had to quit because a non-casher like me couldn't compete with millionaires in this game anymore, end game is now hard, PvP is all about money, if you don't want to spend money don't bother starting to play this game. I don't recommand it at all!
Someone deleted my post on the forum in response to someone asking about the game, so might as well make it a review.

TLDR: Game has moved away from character progression through running dungeons to a long term investment which doesn't reward running most of the dungeons in the game and is designed to drag out any sort of progression as long as possible in order to make money.


As someone who played this game back at release and now tried it again on a fresh character I would no longer recommend this game at "Max level content"

*Doesn't Apply to level 70 dungeons*
*First off the dungeons while leveling have moved away from somewhat challenging 5 man dungeons to 3 man instances that you run through in 2 mins because there is always a level 70 in your group and the mob damage has been heavily reduced to account for not having a tank or healer in the group. Boring as hell and has ruined part of the leveling experience imo.

Now for the max level content; most of what the game consists of now is grinding daily quests endlessly due to dungeons being totally unrewarding at either the T1 or T2 level (7.5k / 8.4k gear score). When you hit level 70 you will generally be at around 5k gear score and unable to do any instanced content so you have to farm some gear; which is all well and good but by the time you have gotten yourself geared enough to do the next level of content, any dungeon gear is now worthless.

T1 instance gear is terrible and T2 is mostly as good as what I had farmed in order to start doing T1 instances.

The game is now designed around their "Campaigns" which we will use "Tyranny of Dragons" as an example. This campaign, like all the others, consist of "Do some daily quests then wait on a 20 hour timer in order to progress the campaign". Usually have to do this multipul times to advance 1 stage in the campaign; each campaign as a F2P player seems to take you roughly 1+ month to get through. These campaigns give multipul stat increases to your character which also affect gear score.
Once again this would be fine but the whole game is now centered around this rather than being side by side with dungeon content so you find yourself doing nothing but daily quests your whole time playing this game.

It's a massive shame because I really enjoy the combat / gameplay and would recommend the game based off of those aspects.
The game is rather unique, the combat system is incredibly satisfying, the soundtrack and the overall atmosphere are amazing, however there is one thing that vexes me greatly - the gearing system. It is too much of a grind, it's time-consuming as hell, especially if you're the type who plays very casually. You can enjoy many aspects of this game for free,although many enchantments which boost your stats are p2w.

I do NOT recommend this game if you're a casual player.
Oh Jeez, where do i start...? Well, first the things i liked:
- The combat is great. I like the way classes feel and play... even though it's 4th edition D&D.
- Graphics are ok and atmospheric, sound and music fit.
- Character developement is a bit deeper than usual (in terms of Skills and attributes, which are on autorail in most mmorpgs).
- A crafting-system which does not require you to stand at a work-bench and wait while your avatar creates one low-tier-item after another until next tier is unlocked. 

All in all you can have fun in PvE... until you hit levelmax and enter the  addon-campaigns like temple of elemental evil.
At that point you will meet a barrage of Paywalls and daily-grinds. Seriously! You're expected to do daily-missions for about a week until ONE Story-mission is unlocked or a Progression-bar is filled. Then rince and repeat. 
And the High-End-Mobs expect you to have at 4k-gear. 
My Trickster-Rouge has about 3.5k-gear after a long grind and investing a bit of money and i still keep getting overwhelmed when i try to go solo... and sadly this extends to foundry as well.    

I mean, it's a bad sign if you do a group-dungeon for your Level, but doing less damage with your DD-Rouge than a Tank with 4k-gear. Seriously f*** that sh**!!!!!
Oh, and PvP? Forget it! Even if everyone is phased to a common level, player with high-tier-equipment will destroy you. 
Neverwinter whas a nice F2P game when it launched... but right now, it's a freemium. 
Can you overcome this Wall without paying a dime? Sure, but that would be masochistic. 

Oh, and to those guys who say "nah, it's fine. You just have to invest a bit more time and grind": NO! That's not a sign of quality, that's Stockholm-Syndrome
Ok so to start things off i have been here almost since the beginning of neverwinter and spent almost 1 thousand hours playing. So I think it's safe to say i have a good foundation for my opinion. The game for the first few zones is fun and then on after you can start to feel a repetitive scheme. After reaching level 60 the grind really begins. 

  I stopped playing neverwinter about when the maze engine released so a lot probably has changed since then but nonetheless, It became a struggle for me to continue any longer, playing a game in which a character who was level 1 had gear and items far superior to mine, when the grind was to bothersome and tiring, i have lived through it and experienced it all. I have about 3 level 60 characters and two level 70's or something like that (it's been a long time) somehow i managed to play for so long to achieve that much. But when it comes to enjoying the game, I could no longer do it. I couldnt say i enjoyed it. At the time it felt so 'flawed'. Everyone always looked like they were one step ahead of me, why? Probably because the only money i bothered to spend on the game was just enough to buy the dusk unicorn mount and that is about it, yet everyone else decided to spend their money buying things and exchanging this for that, the AD currency could do a lot of things if you have enough of it, even get gear beyond your level if your level 10 or on par with the others around you. But for me the p2w aspect hurt the most when I made the choice to play pvp.

  I played so hard and spent so much time doing things legit and without the help of money, yet when hardworking players like me that upgraded their gear increased their stats, and had the willpower to say "I did it" and feel satisified only to get completely obliterated by some bragging, cocky and overconfident rich kid who boasts about how much money he spends on the game on a daily basis is just beyond me. Believe me, if you plan on playing this game as a newcomer go right ahead you may just enjoy the first few or so hours of the game or maybe you might enjoy the entire game, but dont stray to far from what's possible you can earn every piece of equipment if you work hard enough, but if you want to shit on every hardworking, time sinks dreams, than spend all the money you want, it will get you everthing you want 100 times faster and you'll leave everyone eating your dust. That is what drove me away from this game, that is what i left for, to stop wasting time and doing things i could no longer accomplish because i was so far behind, it would take a year to catch up to the p2w players. Because when you purchase something from that market you will very likely possess an advantage over the average player, even if it is a mount like the one i purchased.
Leveled 2 toons to max; a Cleric and a Great Weapon Fighter. The class design is very well done and the combat is fun. However the end game is so atrocious that it has snapped me out of a gaming addiction and probably killed gaming all together for me. The time sinks that are trying to bait you into spending money are in every facet of the max level experience. Upon reaching max level you will actually have some of the content available to you taken away because there are now imposed campaign completion requirements to queue for certain dungeons/skirmishes and these campaigns are over-scaled to fresh max level toons ESPECIALLY if you're a support player. The whole experience has just awoken me to the fact that gaming is no longer fun for me and is just companies trying to milk me for every dollar.
At least i enjoyed my 1.000 hours i put in this game. NWO had a grind system like many other games but now it's something unacceptable. Considering you are a normal person, you have a life to live, a job to do, a wife to love (or whatever) and children to spend time with. But you also like MMORPGs and you want to spend a few hours each day's night to enjoy playing it. There you go, you WON'T. This game demands you to login everyday, forces you to do your daily missions because you can't do shit without their bonuses and what is even worse ? It NEVER ends...

NeverEndingGrindWinter I'd say.

P.S: Don't get me wrong, i used to be an endgame player. Now tired of this "LifeBound" game.
I have accumulated thousands of hours playing this game, ever since Beta, about 860 on Steam and the rest, the vast majority, on Arc.  I have eight Level 70 characters, one from each class.  Two of my characters have Item Scores (once known as Gear Scores) that are 4000+, my Great Weapon Fighter, Merek Knightsbridge, and my Scourge Warlock, Tsarra.  I have two characters that have Item Scores of 3500+, my Paladin, Buster Hymon, and my Hunter Ranger, Bo Enero, my other four characters are in the high 2000s.  So, as you can see, I have put tons of frustration and effort (AND MONEY) into this game.

The sad, sad thing is that I have invested so much time and energy with very little to show for it, since there is always a new update that makes everything you have accomplished prior, obsolete.  And with each consecutive mod release, I have liked and enjoyed it less and less to the point of HATING it, especially after the ridiculously complicated River District (Cloaked Ascendancy) mod, which, by the way, was released WAY too soon after the Sea of Moving Ice, which required hours upon hours of grinding the same dailies over and over and the same stupid skirmish, Svaardborg, over and over, and the same ridiculously long dungeon, Fangbreaker Island, not to mention the constant grinding for lanolin in the four areas in which you can run what is known as BHEs, or Big Heroic Encounters with other players.  And when I say grind, folks, I mean GRIND.  This has now got to be the very most grindy game I have ever played or ever will play, because, quite simply, nothing is worth wasting hours upon hours of your life to grind and grind and grind and grind and grind just to upgrade a weapon that someone else has already outdone you with by getting some 1 in 1000000 armor or companion-armor drop.

The very definition of the word "game" includes the word "fun" in it somewhere, right?  Fun existed between Levels 1 - 60.  And even the outlandishly absurd grind from 60 - 70, while being a boring grind wasn't half as bad as this game has since become.  I will not "play" a "game" that is nothing but a chore any longer.

People from all over sound like they're dying when they say with obvious boredom and an almost sado-masochistic tone to their voices, stuff like, "Well, I finally got my dailies done today.  I'll be back to do them all again tomorrow."  Who, in the name of all that is sacred will allow themselves to be subjected to the greedy whims of this game's devs to be bored out of their minds in doing CHORES to succeed in this game?  It seems there are still quite a few who are under the magical evil spell of this game.  It brings to mind a vision of a bunch of cattle being led to a slaughter, pocketbooks, wallets, and hours upon hours of precious time in hand.

Keep in mind that if you have lots of money to throw at the game, many, MANY things become much, MUCH easier, however, the grind remains, at least at some preposterous level.

Sadly, my best days in Neverwinter are behind me now.  I may log in from time to time just to relive a few old memories of good times with fellow friends, guildies, and even my wife.  But most days I will play some other game, like an awesome FPS (Doom, Metro, anyone?) or ESO, or just avoid the computer altogether, knowing that I have a $5000 - $10000 account that is utterly worthless to me.  My guild still keeps me as a member because we had a LOT of fun together in the past, but many of them cannot believe that I Ieft; they that are still under the aforementioned spell.  Note that I am not the only person who chose exodus over grinding for eternity for armor and gear that will be obsolete within a month or so.

For me, the overly-complicated and NOT-fun River District was the final straw; the end-all of my days in Neverwinter.  Goodbye, ol' friend.
To be honest, the game has a lot of things going for it, including a pretty awesome combat system an storyline, BUT my one complaint is this game in some was is seriously pay to win.  Lootboxes for days (with very good box only equipment in them) and several races being locked behind a price tag (some being OVER A HUNDRED DOLLARS!).
There are reasons why I think this game isn't worth playing anymore..

Before all the strongholds, and the underdark, neverwinter really cared about the gameplay and the community. However, the recent updates have been really really bad.

My first reason for this game not being recommended is that the game is really time consuming and evolves a lot of grinding at levels 60-70. 

Before the stronghold update, traps did not give you injuries. Now. Every trap gives you an injury UNLESS you are a VIP, which proves this game is no longer focused on the community, but more on their income. 

Stronghold armour relies on stronghold boxes, which in order to open require a strongbox key, which is also on their market, and also proves they just want more income.

There are so many campaigns to do after level 70 that this game gets boring as you are constantly repeating missions. 

PVP is still broken with bots, at level 10-50, at level 60-70 if you haven't got a high Gs you will not stand a chance. 

Before strongholds, health and power were all balanced and the level cap was 60. Now health can go up too 160K and the level cap is now 70. 

Level 60-70 is possibly the most boring part of neverwinter. 

The only good part about neverwinter is the story, which is level 1-60. After that, it's all grinding and repeated quests and dailies.

Personally, I don't recommend neverwinter. At all.
I would not recommend this game at this time if you are just starting out for a RPG MMO. 

First what WAS good about it:
Neverwinter during it's first mod 1-4 was a great game, and as F2P was a excellent product. It's combat system at the time was a bit better than all the other MMO I have played, it wasn't just a stand in one place and hack away type of combat system, you had to watch what the adversary was doing and react. It had enough content to keep even the shortest attention span busy, and had a fairly well rounded grouping and dungeoneering system, with plenty of dungeons etc. As they added new powers and skills and classes they were well tested and fit in a cohesive manner, yes there were a few tweeks needed as they went live but they got on it and it worked. The refining (gem slotting) system was fairly easy and made sense and the professions (crafting) were well balanced (to an extent). 

The game was always advertised as casual friendly and alt friendly and it was, you could get up and running through the first 20 lvl and tutorials with logical steps, the newbie stages were well thought out and introduced you well to the features. If the class you started wasn't a good fit for you, it was easy to start another and have an alt. it wasn't too expensive to get additional character slots beyond the initial 2 so you could try other characters on with relative ease. The community was friendly, and while it's always had a gold/AD spammer problem (AD in game currency), it was a minor annoyance. You could earn in game currency through in game activities with some effort, and with some patience and hoarding and haggling get about anything you truely needed. Then the changes came....

What IS bad about it:
About mod 5 they started obsessing more about monitization and content pushs, than bug catching. The classes introduced were unbalanced from the get go and didn't seem cohesive. When they tried to "balance" things they went at it with a meat cleaver and only made what was bad even worse, then they had to hack back on something else with the cleaver. Despite a forum with tons and tons of suggestions and pleas, they ignored it all and bulled right on through to the detriment of both the game and the player participation levels. They never have gotten any semblance of balance to PvP and the same classes always dominate, the matching system that was rudimentary at first, but worked was "improved" to make it even worse, anyone not BIS in everything need not match up in pvp, you will hate it, it's a gear fest in the worst way and 2 classes are nearly god mode in pvp.

Because of the monitization, they made some short term decisions that got people to buy more character slots, and invest in assets for crafting as a means to generate AD to keep up with the ever increasing and complicated refining system and the mod anfter mod gear obsolesence. They took the random dungeon drops (that were the whole reason to dungeon in the first place) away and put them in end chests that either were on timers or needed Zen (Store currency) to purchase keys. Rather than an insured odds of some drop, they nerfed even the chest rewards to items that were'nt salvagable or refinable. The in game "loot chests" that you needed another type of key got put on a increased rotation rate, so there was another whole set of chests in a month.

Decision after decision, mod after mod they have done more to damage the game and annoy the player base. The mod 6 introduced a guild content push, locking lots of content behind forced groupingand huge material outlay to get to it (oh and of course you can pay money to get past all that material outlay....$100s and $100s of dollars). With that mod alone they effectively killed the "casual play/alt friendly" model they always pushed, the BIS stuff was all lokked way, way ebhind that guild content.

They are at mod now, and way abck in mod5 when they nerfed all the AD generation they promised to "fix" things so those that play get rewarded, they have yet to deliver, they have only added some window dressing fixs that apply to the elite 10% and the rest are left out.

They have changed the casual play to  a hit it and quit it model, unless you are the long time elite 10% you got no real reason to play, they advertise hard on the internet to bring in the new player and are trying to get the person that will make a huge money investment to get up to speed, then in 6-7 months, when they tire of spend spend spend, quit. With a new influx of new player behind them, they have did little to nothing to retain the middle ground player, and seems to have gone out of their way to antagonize them.

My recommendation:
Unless you have wads of cash you like to spend to get to a P2W status, you are going to hate the needlessly added grind and negligable "if you play you are rewarded" they never deliver. If you are a "paper doll" type of play, like to collect suits and clothes, it has a samll alure, but better plan on investing on baggage space to hold it all (RL money btw) since there is no stable or a wardrobe system inplace. Barring wads of cash, stay away from this one, otherwise within weeks you are going to be logging on to only place set stuff and then off, not really playing.

No matter what class, race and background you pick, you will be doing the exact same quests over and over and over and over.

I can't enchant on my toon because the enchant quest bugged, I can't get a GM to come help, they don't offer support for bugged quests. SO I can never enchant anything apparently.

They flood you with lockboxes you have to pay real money to unlock. I have a level 8 toon with 37 lockboxes already. 

There are plenty of games out there like this one, I'll bet most of them are more fun and less bulls#!t.
This game used to be fun and used to be good, now with the recent changes I come back after a 6 month leave and I'm welcomed with complete and utter pay to win. You used to be able to sell things in the AH now that is a thing of the past. Want good gear and not have to pay for it? Not gonna happen here. The best part of this game was running dungeons and now that is basically non existant, the game economy is useless. STAY AWAY AND DONT WASTE YOUR TIME. They are honestly just trying to scrape what little money they can get from this game before it officially dies.
I couldnt find a class i enjoyed, with only 2 character slots and more locked behind paying was a major turnoff for me. The end game farming for boons is underwhelming just repeating the same dailies over and over, epic dungeon ques are god awful, even bags to hold items are locked behind paying.  The popups for people pulling epic and legendary items from crates is annoying.  PvP is unbalanced.  The game sure wants you to farm astral diamonds but gold is only good for potions and injury kits which are useless if youve played an mmo before. Dungeon ques take high level characters, so early dungeon ques are basically a speedrun instead of immersing players in their class. Its also less open world than n64 zelda games. Story is meh

If you are new to MMOs and are f2p then you might enjoy this game.

If you want to spend money then just get WoW
Played a LOT of this game before i was banned and had to start new. Max lvl toons best gear all looking the way i wanted, spent money in the shop...then began to realize what a skinner box it was, mentioned in chat that it was a gambling site with combat. WHAM! BANNED! Not just for this game but banned my star trek online acount i had linked to the same address (had that game since launch not so much as a report on me.) No joke No B.S. They have spent a lot of time and money designing this game around addiction and the only thing they care about is the $$$$$ Stay away and be afraid be very AFRAID!
No open world content, everything is instanced, you have to visit a gate to teleport anywhere, or sink $100 in VIP to unlock teleport from anywhere.

Gear only counts after you hit level cap, and then from there its a 6month+ grind to level it up, or you can spend $500 in the store to boost progress.

Random queue is pretty fast, the best I have seen, unfortunately end game queue are non existant, and if one does pop you will get kicked if you gear isn't capped or you are the wrong class.

Mounts and Pets are available from vendors but they are basic, for anything decent you have to spend $20-$50 per, and while mounts bind to account bought from store, the pets are per character only.

Short version: Game is fun to play, but endgame is kinda shit.

Long version: The gameplay itself is loads of fun, and there are a lot of good people to make your time playing the game worthwhile. The endgame will keep you occupied for hours...wait no. The endgame will keep you occupied for [b]years[/b]. Part of that will be fun. The Campaign system is interesting, while tolerably grindy, and the Raids or Dungeon runs (whatever you prefer to call them) are fun and very challenging. Once you hit the endgame, you will find it fairly easy to hit the absolute minimum of gear quality to get you started, which I always appreciate.

So, why the "Don't Recommend"? It's simple. The other part of the endgame wipes all traces of fun from existence, and makes you feel like you need to make a shit ton of investment just for a miniscule chance to progress.

There's always that one system in any game of this kind that will get on your bad side. For me, it was the Refinement of Runes and Artifacts. Gain Refinement Points (RP), collect regeants and upgrade them. Seems simple, and you'd mostly be right. Even the highest tier of gear, that requires hundreds of thousands of RP to upgrade, can be done far more easily than you might anticipate.

The problem with this particular system, is that you are given a percent chance of succeeding, with most endgame gear having a 10% chance or even a 1% chance! [b]1%![/b] And the regeants you need to gather are NOT cheap. There are items you can buy that improve these odds, but getting them ingame requires absurd luck or ridiculous expenses.

Or you could just throw real $ money at the problem and hope the problem goes away.

There have been debates about whether or not Neverwinter is a P2W game. It is not. It is a game with a "Pay 2 Progress" endgame.

You may argue that Neverwinter has the right to do this, being a Free 2 Play game and all, but to paraphrase Jim Sterling:

[quote=Jim Sterling]In a F2P game, I should pay money because I want to, not because I feel I have to.[/quote]

You might think that this "review" is just me complaining about a single problem in an otherwise good game, but it's a problem that highlights a great many other, even worse, problems. Such as the gameplay advantages the game will sell you for real money, or for currencies that you pay real money for. As far as I'm concerned, this one small problem is the drop of piss that poisoned an otherwise pure well.

And while this game employs systems and monetises itself in a way that makes me, personally, feel like I have to pay in a F2P game, I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone hoping to stick with it long term.

EDIT: Oh yeah, the game also loves its abrupt crashes without clear cause/no cause at all, so prepare for endless frustration on the technical side. Thank you, game, for reminding me that there is always more shit to fling at you. Very kind.
The longer the game's life goes on and the more Module's they add onto it, the more it's clear that they're just trying to get money at this point.

I don't want to pay $75 dollars just to play a single race, every class is broken in one area or another, the game has gone from a little grindy to exponentially more grindy, the level cap increase caused more problems for me than it did help, the queue system is still when it's probably one of the if not the number one complaint I see in and out of the game, the PvP is very dull and you will almost always lose to someone who paid to win, packing the most ridiculous enchantments and gear in the game, there's a problem with bots that seems to be increasing from what I've heard, more often than not a Guild will die just a few months after it is made because Guilds serve next to no purpose except for getting into Gauntlgrym and just doing everything on your own anyway.
I`m playing with standalone game (not via steam) since open beta.
Game is really fun, mechanics and lots of parts of the game are well-made.

It was fun to :
- make all of 9 characters
- farm with friends new content and became stronger with each update.
- to see, after so much time put into your character, how good you became.
- help less experienced players and keep your party together in challenges.
- etc.

And then fire nation attacked (with earth, water and air together). Module 6 (Ele)mental evil.

Changes:
- added lot of farming areas with no story. Just to justify levels 61-70.
- taken quests/maps/dungeons from level 60 to 70, making them unreasonably harder.
- with higher levels you gain LESS effect on the same stat value (example, 10% damage reduction on 60 will be 6% on 65). Because of that i was getting WEAKER wih every level up. (I didn`t want to level up, how ridiculus is that.)

- They set new line about "decent" and "good" gear. Now "awesome" gear you farmed hours, days, weeks for are "meh" or "bad" now. However good you were, you are weak now.
- New skills? Too bad most of ALL skills are broken now. Wait a month or 2 and maybe they will fix half of them.
- PvP became ridiculus. Some healers can fight 4-8 other players in the same time. 
- As unfriendly as it can get for new players. Even old players are unfriendly to new players. Everyone hate new players until you`ll throw 10x AAA game price into game, and you will get kicked / killed / trashed / massacred / laughed at / danced on.

And this are changes only in this module.

So, when other games add new content where you can get even stronger than before, this module made you
WEAKER and force you to FARM or PAY to be at least as good as before and play OLD content.
Why the hell do i have to struggle, or farm, to be able to win in dungeon that i played already over 100 times?
Why the check most of my almost best equipment i could get became WEAK in a week?

Why would you want to start playing this game if you`ll know that you can become weak with every update?
Why would you want to pay for something that will become insignificant? Some of players lost a lot of money because of this module.

Just stay away from this game, until you don`t have anything to do with big amounts of money, or hear about some big changes.
This game used to be good but now its literally pay hundreds to be good or spend an enternity (more or less impossible) to earn the stuff yourself. I don't think it will ever change so don't bother with this game.
This was once a fun game, easy to play, and plenty of help available, but then they overcomplicated the crafting system, and everyone stopped playing.  This was no surprise to an experienced gamer like me (4000+ hours in this game alone); too bad it was all about MTX for this game - greed killed it.
To be completely fair, the game is fun enough. You can solo virtually everything if you're so inclined. You don't have to spend a single cent. BUT.

There is no chat prior to completing a certain quantity of the game's main quest--literally none. You're locked out. If you're in a party, you can't communicate with them. You can't ask anyone for help or advice. If a random cleric passes by & heals you, you can't thank him. I understand they're trying to reduce/eliminate RMT & spam, but this is overkill.

The endless spam across your screen whenever someone has spent real $$ to unlock one of the random lockboxes that drop and found something cool--irritating and no ability to shut it down. 

Last but not least, the DirectX errors. Oh god, the DirectX errors. You will crash out of this game. You will crash a lot. It can happen when turning a corner, when loading into a quest area, when loading into a zone, when loading INTO THE GAME...even when literally turning the camera. Everything freezes--except the damn music, which there's really only like 4 tracks, so I hope you enjoy them--and within 15-30 seconds, a helpful little error box pops up that you will become intimately familiar with, because it's pretty much the only error you'll encounter. DirectX error after DirectX error after DirectX error. Search it on Google. You'll see a half-dozen different possible fixes, none of which work for everyone. Sure, an error log automatically populates, and (in theory) uploads to Cryptic...but let's be honest, the game is about 5 years old and according to Google, these errors are not new, so it's painfully apparent that nobody at Cryptic gives an airborne coitus about this problem.

So, yeah. Decent for a free, western-style MMO...if you're willing to tolerate some needless, pointless, seriously aggravating BS.
Been playing since beta. It was good in terms of the core mechanics, and the actual way the gameplay flows. But then I hit endgame, and bam. Your hopes are quickly shattered. The lack of separate balancing in PvP and PvE makes it a nightmare, with flavour of the month classes dominating either one or both. 

Most recently in Mod 5, the TR class was overwhelmingly powerful, likewise with the CW class. However most classes were still able to get aroud it via skill and experience. And then Mod 6 came. 

Despite constant feedback from the players telling them that it wasn't ready for actual release from the preview forums, and an absolute litany of bugs for almost every single class, it was still released. And today, today we the players are left to deal with the crap left behind. 

From critical hits doing less damage then a regular attack in PvP, to the weakest enemies in Tier 2 dungeons being capable of 1 shotting tanks, to the absolutely ridiculous power levels of classes which we repeatedly said were too powerful. Imagine fighting a boss in any other game which was capable of becoming immune to your attacks and attempts to control it, while also being capable of killing anything in but a few hits while in that state. That's what a TR has become.

Imagine any game where the devs would claim balance but make one class the best at tanking, controlling, and DPS, all while other classes are left in the dirt dealing practically no damage and gutted due to bugs which have existed since its release. Does that sound balanced? If it does to you, you'll love this game. If not, then the best advice I can give you is to go play some other mmorpg, that's certainly what I plan to do.

Have fun and good luck no matter what you do.

P.S. This is just about the gameplay, don't even get me started on stuff like the ridiculous Refinement Point system.
This game WAS good! However it is now ruined by microtransacions and it is very difficult to get almost ANYTHING without grinding the shit out of it. Played it for 127 hours and only enjoyed 80 of them. PvP is also pay to win where the player who spent the most money beats up your ass everytime...

I would recommend it 1 year ago, but now I won\'t. Don\'t waste your time with this game
Hours on steam DO NOT reflect accurately with this game (See TL;DR)

Was a great game until the began to "combat botters" as they say. Absolutely ruined this game with that lame excuse. NOTHING BUT A CASH GRAB NOW. My wife who had never played an MMO before this is the only reason I still play. She loves playing an MMO now but doesn't want to try any, more professionally made games. Stick with what she knows... I just wanna see this company go bankrupt as I feel they are stealing my soul with each and every "daily" quest I complete.

TL;DR

****Game is not compatible with steam (or at least the developer is not). What I mean by that is, everything you purchase through steam will put your account into probation (7 Days). Cryptic claims they lose money from people asking for refunds and steam charges so they put you on probation until they get their money back. If you attempt to play F2P in this manner and get VIP rewards it will make all items BtA (Bind to Account) not allowing you to sell them on auction house (AH) for Astral Diamonds (AD). This is how you make it F2P as the traditional way will take you possible years to compete properly in endgame content. You sell items for AD and purchase ZEN with that. Use the ZEN to get more VIP for more AD. Play using the Arc Games luancher for more free ZEN (Arc Quests) and to avoid the probation problem.****

Game is Random Number Generated (RNG) heavy making some items (+5 rings and legendary items with a rough .0287% drop rate) near impossible to get. Forcing you to kill hundreds of thousands of enemies and complete the same few dungeons hundreds (if not thousands) of times.

Expect to play 3-4 hours a day to make it F2P or spend years getting beyond road blocks to play with the big boys (item level 12k+)

Best ways to spend money on this game?
-DO NOT spend ZEN unless its during the once a year 50% off sale (Hard to do)
-DO NOT buy packs unless they include a needed companion or dragon hoard bag (Prefer both) as almost all packs are WAY outdated.
-Buy a purple mount (Faster run speeds) so you can access it on ALL characters
-Buy additional shared bank slots only as they are character specific otherwise
-Use additional character slots to create a praying army for wards and more
-Dont bother with getting the Dragon Born race, not that great of a boost (Ability score provide minimal boosts compared to stacking stats)

Mod 11.5 (or 12? Whatever Shroud of Souls is...) Latest Update:

Crafting is just a poor excuse to make try to get you to play more. The latest items that of are any use (crafting items before max rank are not worth it as you will level WAY faster than crafting can keep up) require you to be in a guild that has atleast rank 12 guild hall. To get a guild hall up requires hundreds of thousands (like over a half million) of over a dozen different currencys that are also what you need to complete your quest campaigns. Requires atleast a dozen people contributing on a daily basis over a period of 12+ months... For a minor Item Level (IL) gain.

Dungeons are a huge road block for a lot of people. Recent changes to the way IL works has barred most from entering the Master level dungeons. There is a gap in dungeons from lvl 70 regular dungeon gear to Master level. Unless you pay to bypass this gap you will be stuck gathering companions, enchantments and gear over a period of several months to get past it. Companions requiring several million AD to level up past certain points to enchance your IL enough, though it is cheaper to buy them outright from players.

With a cap of 35k AD a day can take a while to buy what you need from already established players to achieve this. Or you can purchase lockbox keys and skip this step with Tourmalane bars (spelling?).

Bag and bank space will be the largest hurdle. You start with a 36 slot bag and through quest can unlock another 22 slots (Requiring around 35 levels to complete). Stones for refinement for your items (Called artifact gear, it's basically experience for items) do not stack well at all. Stacking at 99 items seems like a lot but the REAL problem is they are all of different kinds. There are 4 levels of 1 stone that includes BtC (Bind to character) BtA and unspecified that can be sold on the AH. They are specific for item types also. 3 types of stones for artifact items and 1 for artifact weapons with 1 general use stone set which includes 2 blue types. So some math...

3 x 4 = 12 stones for just 1 artifact type
12 x 4 = 48 stones for all specific artifact types
48 + 12 = 60 stones in all for artifacts.
36+22= 58 bag slots

You fall extremely short for bag slots when you inlude the 14 enchantments for equipment, the 32 different types of weapon and armor enchants and 8 different companion enchants all with 12 different ranks and BtA BtC curse also. Doesnt even include potions, injury kits (IF YOU ARE NOT VIP) healing stones, quest items... The list goes on and on. Bank slots are the same way the closer you draw to level 70 as you will most likely end up with a stronghold/general purpose 4 piece set of armor and counter part for 2 different situations (Everfrost resist and Demon Resist) released over the past 12 months. With other items you run out of bank slots quickly. 

Dont fret too much about all this as they have created some handy 36 slot bags and bank slots for you to be able to purchase to alleviate all your storage woes.

The actual refining of all your artifacts is saved for the double refinement days as the largest (and rarest) stones provides 25000 points towards your near 4,000,000 points each needed to refine your 6 items to do those endgame dungeons and content... Takes months to get it all (took me nearly a year). With a quickly diminishing success chance you need to start protecting you valuable hard earned enchants and marks (Yet another 18 stones for your bags) with preservation wards.

No more wards? Dont worry, you can purchase a 100% chance stone for $8.50 or more wards for $0.10... You will need atleast a dozen or two 100% stones to get your items to the max including 100s of more wards at the $0.10 price (ive used over 2500 so far). If you dont like that idea you can purchase 24 more character slots for $4 each and add 2 more hours praying onto your game day and get the 100% wards for free! Just cant put the wards earned through praying on the auction house.

Campaigns will take you from a few weeks to get the easier ones to over a year (Tranny of Dragons) to complete. Requiring you to finish the same 4-6 dungeons over 100 times at the least and slaying nearly 500,000 enemies. Better get to making them doughnuts as you need to share the currency to complete these tasks with your guild stronghold.

Dont have that time? You can just purchase campaign completions then, only about $40 a pop.
NEVERWINTERS FIRST YEAR!!   PVE = good PVP = good. 
-I played this game when it first came out.   it was very promising, there was little hacking, pay to win wasnt so brutally overpowered, and balancing was getting better by the patch.  

NEVEWINTERS SECOND YEAR!!   PVE = Messed up Horribly.   PVP= Messed up worse.  
-Suddenly the game became all about how much money u could spend.   a Free to play charecter seems almsot impossible to reach max level without spending money.   
-they have VIP status to make leveling reasonable.   
-Alot of game function moved Clientside,  this allows for hackers,  and there is alot of them.  
-Mass untested Code allowed for exploits to ruin the ingame economy and gameplay both pvp and pve. 
(example: putting a negative bid at auction house would cause the auction house to give you free money ) 
-PVP Rankin doesnt work right.  hacked charecter's seen every few pvp matches.  all charecter data is held clientside for easy manipulation.
-many more hacks then just low gear score players with maxed stats and ability scores.   there are auto dodger hacks.   autoattack hacks,  hacks to to refine gear and enchanments.   All for alot less then the cost of paying to level ur charecter or buy the best gear.

This game should be gasping for its last breath.   can cost you hundreds of dollars for a single godly item.   Then it cant kill a hacker then spent 20 bucks for the hacked code to inject into his client.


I honestly do not understand how people can enjoy this game past a certain point. The devs have ruined the game by putting in paywalls. Everything that could make this game fun cost lot of real world money.
Okay game. Graphically well done for a F2P game. Microtransactions to get better etc.  Customer support is terrible, I was told I would be receiving a refund through steam for transactions placed only to be told by steam that they will not refund me and it is Neverwinter that should be giving me the refund. So it went around in circles until I gave up.  Shame on neverwinter and Shame on steam support.
The game is great and a lot of fun until you max level. Then you figure out why people are chanting P2W. Its completely down to enchanting your gear, companion enchantments, ect.

Very disappointing... 'was' having fun with it but it really just died at the end.

Gear Scoring new content is also a horrible!! game design... the levels should continue to go up, not just gear score.
I have 2700 hrs on this game so i know it well, unfortunately the last 2 modules have just totally ruined what was a really good game. You now need to spend money, in large amounts, to get anywhere in this game. It has turned into a huge money grabbing unenjoyable neverending mind numbing grind and Cryptic could not care less about their loyal players.
The game is fun enough while levelling up, though expect a solo game. Once you get to cap there's barely any content, it's just tons of grinding to improve gear for no real reason. The game's pretty buggy, loads of outstanding issues. Very little polish, and newer content is often just re-used assets from the original areas.

It's heavily monetised. PvP is entirely pay to win. The game constantly wants you to pay to bypass grinding.

Maybe level up if you enjoy fantasy RPGs, but beyond that I wouldn't recommend it. It's aggressively after your cash and there are far, far better MMOs out there.
UPDATE AS OF 2017
So i thought I'd get back into this because why not? I'll make the review shorter than the previous.
Pro's
Combat is cool
Community is nice and helpful

Con's
Not user friendly or casual friendly
Competitive depends on how many months you spend in your mums basement sucking on a lemon 
Grind
Grind
Grind
you see where im going with this? It's an absolute dog shit of a game where you repeat the same quest for 'boons' and to get gear good enough to enjoy the game at end game you will need to spend months of even a year to get. It's actually worse than before which I didnt think was possible. 

I cant recommend staying away from this game enough, its such a shame the developers are fucktard chunder monkey cock heads because the combat is so good but the reliance on having good gear which takes SOOOOO long to get is such a kill joy. Give me my hours back you scrubs. Oh, p.s I spent some money on this game which was a stupid idea.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This game was really fun until the latest expansion. I have played many hours of this and didnt really find it boring apart from the daily quests grind. The dungeons are really fun but the market has NEVER been viable so you'll never ever purchase anything because its just stupidly high for average stuff. With the current update up to 70 I have quit the game because its now the worst grind I've ever done by a monsterously big margin. Like.. repeating the exact same quests 16 times in an area to then move onto the next to do the EXACT same thing. What a load of shit. The developers in this expansion should all lose their jobs as this is the shittest thing I've ever seen. And I've seen my own poop. It's shitter than shit. They've just killed a great game. AS OF 2015
While I cannot recommed this game, it does have some good qualities. Unfortunately, the bad out weigh that by far. I started the game in beta. Initially, did not like the graphics but got use to it. The lack of dedicated controller setting is also an issue. The game gets many updates/extra content which can be both bad and good.
Now on to the bad. They add things fairly regularly. But everytime they do, have to get the better equipment. Making the older stuff useless. They also have the 'gotta have em all' mentality by adding new items and such which means in most cases you either buy extra slots somewhere to keep the old and get the new or something to that effect. Recently, they removed Astral Diamonds(AD') from the leadership crafting. Astral Diamonds are an in game currency. They dropped it because they could not figure out how to stop the bots from being on Neverwinter. Instead of working on the problem, they punish the player. Then they have the 'gold sellers'. These sites get people to break the TOS of Neverwinter. When reporting gold sellers, they say that they cannot let you know the outcome of them looking into it. Asked them what the usual punishment was told they cannot say for same reasons. If they are just account banning those people, doesn't mean crap. They get another throw away email and go back to it. They should be IP banned. The bots and/or the gold sellers ruined the in game economy ages ago. The exchange is maxed at 500AD's for 1 Zen(real cash money to buy these). The game has turned into a grindfest of all grindfests. The game has went cash grab big time.  Look for another MMO that you can actually have fun in.
game was good til it went completely moneygrab end of summer 2015
check their official forums if u dont believe my and/or others statements
2years of excellent game went down the drain under the new management

RIP NWO
All games have to make money, so I expect that some level of purchases will be required to play a F2P MMO at any kind of reasonable level of effectivness. But you are MUCH better off playing one of the superior subscription base MMO at $15 / month for access to everything a game has to offer than playing Neverwinter. This game is for suckers.

Neverwinter has one of the most horribly abusive free to to play models I have encountered in an MMO. Basic game features such as upgrading companions would cost -- literally -- hundreds of dollars of purchases to attempt to maintain the aspects of your character at level. Don't even consider trying PVP unless you are willing to spend $100's to upgrade your character. This is in addition to the fact that the game is extremely linear and key features like the Foundary are taken off line for weeks at a time with no explanation or ETA when they will be fixed again. The developers are also willing to remove aspects of the game that players thave invested months of effort and significant amounts of money to force players to spend more money and increase their profitability.

I can not recommend this game to anyone.
Was a nice idea, combat is quite fun, there is enough lore, but its getting worse and worse, incompetent decisions by dev team are running the game in the ground, for a new player it would be a nightmare to start playing, bots and exploits running wild, ppl with large stacks of currency gained from exploits ruining the market, PvP is forgotten and only for rich ppl, company is grabbing money wherever they can without providing anything ppl would want to spend money on(no new cosmetic stuff for ages). Bugs take years to fix. Constant grind of daily quests and dungeons for tokens needed for equipment, while the dungeon drops are bad and almost worthless. Overpowered lockbox drops.
An average MMO with no real story, a bloated amount of currencies and tokens, and an obscene pay-to-win microtransaction system. Make no mistake, this is Free To Play in name only. Lootboxes drop at a truly pushy rate, every log-in is greeted with deals of the day and a reminder that you can get ONE free lootbox key daily (my average number of lootboxes dropped per hour was 4) by purchasing a monthly subscription. Inside those boxes are XP boosters, high-tier runes to apply to armor for significant boosts, a VERY low chance at Legendary mounts, and UP TO 25% OFF ON YOUR NEXT MICROTRANSACTION PURCHASE. 

If you took away all of the sleazy crud that wound up marring most of my experience playing the game, it would still be an average title. Combat is decent, character creation is ok, weapons and armor look uninspired. The only real draw here is if you have some burning desire to experience a 4th Edition D&D campaign set in a decent-looking rendition of the Sword Coast. Or if you have a bunch of money burning holes in your pockets and want to buy your way into the endgame of an MMO. 

If neither of these applies to you, stay far away from Neverwinter. It is the only way to make sure none of its stench rubs off on you.
This is the first review I am doing for a game. Now to get to my rating it's a fun game for people that are lvl 70. With saying that I am talking about PvP in the game. They have enough AD to buy rank 7 ruins that make the game unfair to new players. They can pretty much almost one shot you.

As for the PvE content it's fun to about level 60. There are only 4 dungoens you can run till you hit 70 so not much to do there. From 1 to 60 it's a straight forward quest line to level you pretty fast beleave I hit 60 in about two weeks or three about 1 to 2 hours a day. From 60 to 70 it is a big grind fest and that's hard since you get almost no exp for killing mobs you get your exp from quest. They do have their daily quest that you can do but even with them it took about 5 hours or so just to level from 60 to 61. 

Classes seem kinda broken they are all OP in their own way and that really kills PvP also but a good thing for PvE since you can solo all the way to 70 if you wanted too. Treats seem to be broken or just do nothing. As a tank I maxed out my CC Res so I would get hit lease but seems like everyone I come across stuns, roots, and whatever to me no problem. Then healers and the rouge classes can dodge almost every stun I can and then I have to play cat and mouse with them and by time I catch them I am already half dead and I can't get any skills off since they keep stunning me. I also maxed out the increse to the CC I do and it still does nothing for me. It just feels like stats are broken in this game and the only thing that matters are the ruins you put into your armor.

Over all it's not the worse MMORPG I've played but it's not the best. I would rather stick with the real Dungoens and Dragons MMORPG for a free to play game. As for PvP I thought SWTOR was the worse but I was wrong. I give it a 4.5/10 And the stronghold like someone else said you need to be on a real active guild unless you can't even enjoy that.
While the game is starting to show its age, the low levels are great! The first time. The high levels are endlessly tedious and can be hard to move forward without paying out real cash for the 'correct' mounts, 'correct' companions, faster progression, and so on. My friends and I are now looking elsewhere.

[b]Boycott Perfect World Entertainment[/b] and their pay-to-win and gambling scams disguised as mediocre to bad video games.
Used to be an amazing game and Devs have lost it. I play it 2 hours per day and i can honestly say if you are not playing now you will be looked down on by policies of devs
It was a decent MMO when it first came out, not particularly P2W, fun gameplay, cool lore in a setting I love. Sadly that's all gone downhill and the game is now /very/ pay to win. I don't appreciate that scheme at all, the devs could've just gone with microtransaction cosmetics or boosts and make all content available for dedicated F2P players. But nope, they don't care about anybody but the players who throw money at them. Sad to see a decent game go down like this.
Definitely not the worst game I've played, but really not a great first impression. I decided to ditch it after about 6 hours as it really didn't grab me, and if it takes longer than 6 hours to do so, then that's just terrible. The only thing remotely D&D about it is the name and location. Character building and levelling is just your stock standard quick-buck RPG formula, about as far from D&D style as you can get. I'm going back to Neverwinter Nights or DDO.
typical 'wow-wannabe on rails'. 

you can pick a race and class, change how you look, and those seem to be the first and last meaningful choices in the game. 

I was hoping for a more "D&D" like MMO...this aint it. id rather have the ability and freedom to make interesting choices, like say a wizard who uses a greatsword, even if its a bad choice. this game lets you pick between a few abilities as you level, but they all seem very similar, and gameplay amounts to button mashing, instead of any kind of intelligent or tactical play. 

Id rather just fire up the Neverwinter Nights PC game from 2003. sure, its dated and looks ugly these days, but at least...unlike Neverwinter the MMO, its a D&D game.
How is this not dead yet? Perfect World Entertainment can go screw themselves.

Boycott Perfect World Entertainment and their pay-to-win and gambling scams disguised as mediocre MMOs.
I really want to love this game. For the 10 minutes I've managed to spend in-world, it looked and felt awesome. That being said, the servers are apparently actual potatoes. Despite almost a month of back and forth with the customer service team, I cannot seem to get past the login screen.
I mean, it's free so give it a try, but don't expect too much.
