Today is June 8th, 2018, and today was the day this game was brought back to life. 

A new company has purchased this title and announced it would be reviewing and fixing/updating this fun little game, and very shortly after making this announcement, BATTLEEYE has been added and the game updated with more to follow. 

It was a shame that APB was left to die considering it has always maintained a solid core of players who have manged to enjoy the game despite it's glaring bugs, flaws, and terrible cash shop prices and policies.  

Today my hope for APB has returned.  Vote this up so people know that the game is back and being updated and see you on the streets! 


Open Letter to the APB: Reloaded Community
Hello APB community,

My name is Matthew Scott and I’m the CEO of Little Orbit.

Today we have announced the acquisition of GamersFirst, and the games it contains, but to go along with that announcement, I thought I would take some time and write a personal letter to the APB Reloaded community.

Let me start by sharing an introduction to Little Orbit so you can get to know us. We started as a small game developer in 2003, and in the last 8 years we have grown into a small retail publisher. We are not a big studio, and trust me, you wont find any of our previous titles impressive. But over the last year, we have started taking steps to transition into the publisher we want to be.

There’s been a lot of speculation over the last couple months about who would be crazy enough to take on this game. And I’m not going to try and sugarcoat it, we know that the confidence in this game is at an all time low, and odds are you haven’t heard of us at Little Orbit. But that’s OK. There’s a lot of work to do, and I’m not writing this letter to make unrealistic promises or layout a grand roadmap. Instead, I’m going to ask for your patience as we get organized and that you give us a chance to show you that we are sincere in our efforts to make APB Reloaded the game we all know it can be.

I will however make one simple commitment right now. From here on out, I promise to communicate with the community on a regular basis. No more silence. Good, bad or ugly I will share where we are at.

Moving forward there are a number of areas that we need to address for the long term health of this game. Some of them are sexy like new content for the game, and some are just operational changes to how the game is run that I feel need to be made.

In the next 30 days, expect to see GDPR updates for GamersFirst including new privacy policies, code of conduct, and term & conditions. We will also be cleaning up the social pages, implementing a new forum, showcasing a general roadmap for the game and announcing a significant change to our banning and cheating policies.

This is all critical for setting up an environment where you can give us feedback.

After that we’re going to focus on content. I’ll be working on an exact roadmap that we can publish soon, but over the coming months we would like to add a new mode, maps, clothes, guns, vehicles and a new matching system for competitive play. Alongside all of that we are committed to upgrading APB Reloaded to the Unreal 4 engine. This is a long process that involves a massive rewrite of several core systems and a lot of art migration. I know that this has been talked about extensively in the past, and it has been a sore point with the community for a while. It’s going to take time. We need to start by unifying the PC version on Unreal 3.5, and then moving to Unreal 4. Personally I don’t think Unreal 4 is going to have a big impact on the look or speed of the game. It may not even be noticeable to some. But for APB Reloaded to have long-term viability, transitioning to Unreal 4 is something we need to do.

Taken from Update Notes and I am not a dev i am just trying to spread the message.
I've played this game since the beginning. I've watched its progression... I've watched its murder. The company G1 left this game to rot. 

The amount of personal creation in this game is amazing. You can be who ever you want with alittle time and effort and creative thinking. 

This game didn't deserve the trashing it got by a uncaring money grubbing company like gamers first... 

Hopefully Little Orbit the new company in charge will revive it. I'll add a Positive stance for now in hopes to encurage former and new players to give the new Dev company a reason to bust this game back into shape. 

Lets do it people. Show the new devs some love and show them we care about APB coming back.
I started to play APB way back in 2012/2013. I got invited by a friend, then I invited more friends and turned out that we made a very good team, having fun daily. I made a clan, my friend designed the logo, another one editted a theme for the clan, we helped each others and it was all great!

However, after some time, we stopped playing it, some kept playing, others quit, others just didn't have enough time like me. Some of my clan members completely dissapeared, including my closest friend. We used to play in the NA servers.

I logged in the game recently, looking for that closest friend to no avail, everyone dissapeared, so I created a new character in the EU servers after so many years, just to feel what I used to feel, that joy, even if I started to play it again, alone, I played just for the memories.

And it was when, once again, I started to meet cool friends, and for a moment it felt like I've been playing with my old mates. So it became the reason I came back to this game, perhaps it's the reason I'm writing this review as well.

The game itself is not perfect, it's far from perfect, it can just be fun, and even more fun if you're playing with friends, that is what APB means to me, to create bonds, create friendship and memories all along, and who knows, maybe the one who is jumping around or on your car can become your best buddy.

The gameplay is also okay, could be better, but it's satisfying, sometimes it will be bad, but sometimes will be great.
The game trully shines in its customization features, you can literally customize everything, from a simple logo to your very own song, not to mention your character, clothing and car customizations.

Ultimetely, having fun in this game with team mates is priceless, meeting friends, creating memories, it's all there. I also wish this game gets more support, adding more features, even more customization and optimization.

I dedicate my return to this game to my old close friend and clan members.
idk
i want it to be better
it was pretty sick in its time

People need to make good games with extensive customization, you know?

its pretty sad, really

I think we are still waiting on that fabled 'engine update' for APB
After Little Orbit bought G1, there's already some results of stuff being fixed/remade. I highly recommend giving the game another shot in the future.
Ahh an honest review?Huh,that can be kinda hard but lets see:
1.Amazing Customization Features
2.Fast paced gameplay(unless you are camping with a sniper like a total idiot)
3.EXTREMELY long-like to unlock everything in a game is a gamer's worst nightmare,but here...well.. you can have a solid 1000 hours and still don't have every unlockable item for your faction,not even gonna talk about maxing both factions.
4.EXPLOSIONS
5.Gamersfirst(the company that made the game)recently changed their office from England to the USA and they are planning to recruit a lot more people and 2017 we are expecting a new engine from Tiggs.Here is a video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1m999qAUI0

I hope my review was helpfull!
A few months ago I wouldn't have recommended this game.
I've been playing since around 2011 and the game had it's glory days.
It was abandoned by GamersFirst for a few years now and the community started to die-off.
No updates, only sales.
BUT!
GamersFirst was recently bought by Little Orbit.
Little Orbit's CEO Matt Scott is in touch with the community, giving nearly daily updates on social media and game forums.
There's a roadmap for upcoming updates and the community is back (packed servers again, flourishing social district...).
Now is a very good time to start playing, or come back where you left off.
So far there hasn't been a lot of updates, but the test servers are running new weapons, new balance-system, trading system and friend system which will soon arrive at the release version.

Haven't played APB? Give it a try for the next few months.
Quit the game because of GamersFirst? Come back, the community is back and it misses you <3
apb was fun, have a lot of good memories with this game. 

the servers merged with AU recently g1c sold it to little orbit, which is g1c bassicaly. now the game is unplayable because of the ping.

rip old friend.
[h1]TESTIMONIAL FROM A WITNESSER:[/h1]

the`janitor: UNLEASH
the`janitor: THE
the`janitor: HYUNTAEEE
the`janitor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph3Tauf__1Q
the`janitor: after hyuntae passed through that's what's left lol 
the`janitor: ye xD
the`janitor: dats apb now
Played back in 2010/11 during the launch craze, got tired of Rocket Launchers and hackers. Heard LO was taking over, applied Battle Eye and decided to give it another try. Came on and my angry police officer and his profanity-riddled vehicles were all still there, so I went out did some missions and immediately got roflstomped by people who had never stopped playing and memorized every inch of the map.

10/10 - Would get nostalgically stomped again.

***

In all seriousness, G1 raped the game with microtransactions and a horribly overpriced storefront, while ignoring the cheating issue and only paying for the cheapest server hardware. Now that Little Orbit has stepped in, there's already been some fixes and changes, Battle Eye slapped on, talk of reviewing the storefront prices, and of course updating the engine to Unreal 3.5 (and 4.0 down the road).

I run this on a GTX 960 with 16g of ram with an Intel i5 @ 3.5mghz and it's liquid smooth, so if your stronger hardware is struggling, it's on your end.

As for the P2W accusations, 90% of the game content can be aquired through contact unlocks, Joker Tickets etc. The shop-only weapons are more side grades, and honestly, the starting STAR 556 is really not that bad. I still use it every now and then. Just unlock a pump shotgun/SMG for range an HVR sniper, and that ever-present N-TEC and you can pretty much compete just fine. I'm not saying things are perfect, they never were, and never will be, and hopefully LO follows through and makes some changes to the earning/unlock curves and storefront prices.

Just be prepared to be roflstomped by the folks who never left. Just remember, you make progress with your contacts win or lose, and when you start getting heated, hit Social and try your hands at making designs or songs.

Premium speeds things up but if you're just here to kill people, it isn't really needed. Premium really only shines if you want to make complex designs and super fancy clothes/cars, as free accounts have (admittedly much) lower capacity on layers for decals and vehicle stamps.

And remember, they're still dusting off the boxes and settling in. Give LO time to scrape off the rust and get this thing glowing again.
[b] Summary: [/b] Game was bought and new devs work on it now, which actually listen to the community, and they're trying to slowly unbreak the game. Gameplay is fun with tons of weapons to choose from, (although some weapons are more easily abused than others) and there is a perk system for cars, characters and weapons, resulting in in-depth and unique arsenals to play with. Character and vehicle customization is the most in-depth on steam, period. Many different clothing options and cosmetics to choose from, all of which is full customizable, from any color you want, to any design you can create. (This doesn't come with without its fair share of grind). The game is still riddled with hackers and exploiters, but it's not nearly as bad a people say. People also say it's pay2win, which isn't true, as the best guns and vehicles can be acquired, without needing real money.
SOCIAL - 8/10
GAMEPLAY AND BALANCING - 5.5/10
GRIND & REWARDS - 6.8/10

[b] Social: [/b] The game is quite social, as it should be for being an MMO, but this also makes a lot of sense because the social district, (the district where any crim, and any enforcer can simply hangout and talk) is not only used for socializing, but used for many of the core features which include: Customizing vehicles, creating custom emblems, customizing clothing, editing your character, make your own song that plays when you kill someone, buying Joker items, buying other people's items, trading, and probably some other stuff that I failed to gloss over. This social district is a place where players are not killing eachother like in the other districts. The social aspect of the game is the aspect of the game which I have almost no complaints about, other than the community being quite toxic. 
SOCIAL - 8/10

[b] Gameplay & Balancing: [/b] Into the actual game, we have a lot more problems. The gameplay itself is solid and due to the open-world's interesting environments, you can have some very intense engagements. Now there are 3 ways to can get into the "killing other players" aspect of things; Open Conflict - Both open-worlds where any crim can shoot any enforcer and reverse, it's the most sandbox the game can get, although no one really plays it so ;l. You have the mission districts, which are the same 2 open-worlds, excepts to fight against the other faction, you have to engage in a mission, which requires you to either queue into a mission while goofing off in the map, or getting cought doing a crime (crim) or catching a crim commit a crime (enforcer). Out of all districts most people play these, due to the fact that you can level up your contacts, get money easier, and have a clear objective and goal, while working with other people. The last type of PvP district are the fight clubs, two to be exact. Fight club is basically a classic deathmatch, enforcer v criminal. It's definetly more Battlefield than COD however, with all the vehicles and relatively larger size of the maps. Of course the killing isn't fun if the killing isn't fair, so how is the balancing? Simply, not very good. You have a clear difference in terms of equipment and skill. Guns and cars (more-so cars) have clear upgrades from a base weapons, that is more of a grind, and can possibly also be bought. The problem is that the gameplay should be about the amount of skill a player has, not the amount of time or money a player has put on the game. But besides that some weapons, (upgrades or not) are just blatantly easier and more abusable than others. While a sniper is really-REALLY hard to use, a rocket launcher is really easy to use, and arguably more affective too. Cars just have blatant upgrades from one-another, you start off will a dumpster or something and you have to grind your ass off to get something good for you and your team. And to add on to that gap, people of higher skill groups join server of lower skill groups, due to the lack of players and amount of exploiters and hackers in higher servers. In conclusion...
GAMEPLAY AND BALANCING - 5.5/10

[b] Grind & Rewards: [/b] Games like these usually have a bad grind, lets see if APB can prove me wrong. There are multiple ways to get what you want in APB, for example, if you want a really nice car, you can either pledge your services to a contact in one of the districts, and level your rep with them until you have a high enough level with that contact to unlock the ability to buy the car. Or, you could choose to go to the social district, and either trade, auction, or purchase another player's car, which will potentially be more expensive, (still less of a grind) and not customizable. This applies to most things in APB, get it from a contact, or buy it from another player. This is where Joker products come in. Joker Distributions is a store found in the Social District, which is where you can buy all their guns, vehicles, cosmetics, and perks, all with Joker Tickets. These items are usually better than the regular ones that come with the contacts, and they usually are the ones selling a brand new weapons, or some really fancy kit for a car you want to pimp out. "So how do I get joker tickets?" You may be asking, well this is when gameplay comes back in. The best way (in my opinion) is to go into fight club and do as many challenges as you feel like doing, as you can get almost enough for a pistol if you do 14, this ofcourse means you have to be good and equipped, as it's fight club, and there's a saying. "If you play fight club, you will lose your left sock," - mstche 2018. The other and more easy way is when you fully level up a contact, they start providing daily challenges for you. These are usually extremely easy so there's no point in not doing them, of course you only get 5-10 JT every challenge completed. But since there are 21 contacts max you can fully level for each faction, you can get quite a bit, if you're willing to spend a lot of time that day. Overall it seems pretty fair, and since the items here are better than the ones you pay for with real cash, that's an extra OK from me. Overall...
GRIND & REWARDS - 6.8/10

So do I recommend this game? Well first try it out, I recommend with a buddy, it's not a big download. But if my review is so important, I do, if you can get over the garbage balancing, unfair matchmaking, and considerable grind. Happy playing, hopefully.
Slightly broken game, mishandeled over the years by an incompetent publisher.
But it still has some of the best character customisation options availabe.
And you really can't get the same pvp experience anywhere else.
One word of advice though: If you want to have a good time in the game, bring a good team :)
Update: New dev bought the game, implementing battleeye. 
Hopefully they can save it.

It's hard to give this game a No. 
I've played this more than any other game since Ultima Online, and had the most fun too. 
Population is all but gone now. Dev company squandered its time rebuilding instead of adding content to keep it fresh. 
Now matchmaking will put you against the same team every time because the servers are so dead. I tried going back and it was just sad. Hackers rome free with no anticheat.
A game with a huge potential, i am looking foward to seeing the changes brought along with the new ownership.
(APB COMMUNITY) --please help make the transition smooth and help support the new owner of our beloved game.
I haven't played for a few years but did sink almost 1000 hours into APB Reloaded. (and several hundred dollars).

THe game itself is pretty good, two huge open cities to roam around in. enough missions that it takes a while before you feel like you're just repeating them. Firefights were a lot of fun, never really had any trouble finding other players to play with or against. The customisation is amazing, unlike any other game I have ever played.

The issues for me were the toxic community, cheaters & never ending loot boxes.
-EDIT TILL I SEE CHANGES AND CAN FIX THIS REVIEW ACCORDINGLY-

The game is now under new management and presumably will be making some serious quality of life changes for this game which may bring it back from the state it is in as part of the main review. I am also changing my not recomended to recomended because while it is yet to be seen if this new company Little Orbit can/will fix the game I have hopeful and looking towards the future with a positive outlook. Until something changes this I will give Little Orbit and Matthew Scott my unfaultering loyalty as I showed APB for years prior to it's downfall. If you want to help make a great game great once more install and help us in the healing proccess, or just wait till things get better. The choice is yours.

-END OF THE EDIT-


Back a few years ago I would have told you to buy this game and enjoy it. Recenlty however the company has fallen to some very shady practices and secrecy, in game the NA server has about only 300 players (NA is also composed of South America since there is not Latin server) I've heard the EU servers are better but i've no desire to look into it personally and grind characters up to higher levels after spending almost 3000 hours in this game to get where I was. Circling back to the shady practices the most blatant is on their forums for the game itself, they are systematically DELETING posts that pose questions to the developers asking them to be more upfront and open about what they are doing with the game and emails are flat out ignored as far as I can tell. It began back in 2015 with the announcment that the game would recieve an update to the newest (at that time) Unreal Engine this date kept getting moved back further and further till they just stopped talking about it and as stated earlier if you ask about it on the forums the post is outright deleted without any reason for it. 

It is a shame to see a game with so much potental and in my opinion the BEST character / car creation and customization the sky was literally the limit when I came to that... yea there was a bit of a pay wall for the ammount of detail on some things but a 10 dollar fee ONCE if you could nail a look and you'd be able to have an icon and amazing look for your toon. Frankly that is a controversial thing aswell where others say the micro transactions are too much (for the guns they kind of were $25 for a skin for a gun you could get in game), they really weren't, many games make their money this way in a F2P game micro transactions are how the games stay alive, LoL, DOTA, Fortnite all of these free to play they make their money of off the cosmetics and subscriptions that give boosted XP and Money which really isn't that big of a boost in the long run. This being said the most recent things have gotten out of control where I find myself thinking they care more about quick cash grabs (loot boxes, reskins, cosmetics) than the game itself which reflecting and looking at the decline of the game and the company behind it... this is clearlythe case.

To summarize, if you download this game and can actually get past the terrible GMing (haven't seen one of them in forever either), greedy company, toxic player base, and bugs (those were a special quirk to many of us who played the game for years), then you will generally have a good time, get a few friends to playand maybe build up the player base to a point that makes G1 ACTUALLY give a crap again, otherwise you're just sitting upon a horse that is well past dead and I wish you the best luck. To those of you that still play from all those years ago I congratulate you for being able to suffer G1 longer than i can, 

Since they did delete my message on the forums I leave this little piece here. This is a message to G1 and Tiggs herself (doubtful she cares enough to read things here). *ahem* Would you please man up and give us some transparency... the shadowy nature of your practices are what are killing this game and the community. You need to grow up and quit exploiting people because if this game fails you and your company will have little comeback even with the other titles (most of which are failing) under your belt. If you have no desire to keep the game alive PROPERLY do those of us a favor who love the game, END IT or sell it to someone who cares.

LeonAnders Joker OG .... Signing off for the last time... PEACE!
Little Orbit is a small developer team that took the challenge into fixing and developing this game. They're polishing and removing all of that p2w over priced market trash and that's great. If you get killed by someone who you think has a better gun, then you are right and wrong at the same time. See, if you play more and more, you'll get the same guns they've got. There's a lot of potential in this game now since Little Orbit took over and I hope they will continue to make updates and surprise us each time there's a new update. Highly recommend to try it at least. Game is not for everyone.
At first i thought this was a dead game, i hopped into a server with my newly created peep and was greeted with a server that had a whopping population of 3 people, all of which were in the same faction which made for nonexistent gameplay. So i thought to myself, "how sad another dead unpopulated mmo :'( ". After a bit of googling however I realized you get put in servers based on a type of ranking system. So once i found a server that, albeit being way above my experience level, had well over 30 players per faction. Gameplay is smooth and gunplay, while simple, is much funner then i first  expected (and yes, funner is a word, its now in the dictionary SO THERE GRAMER NAZIS HAHAHA XD ). The graphics are very outdated, which means it runs extremely well which is nice, and for someone who likes the HL2 or gmod vibe you wont be put off by the visuals. All in all i'd say this is a fun, enjoyable experience that all can (its free duh) and should try out. ill give it a solid 8/10 only because the HUD and menu complexity can be confusing to learn.
After clocking over 1000 hours on this game (300+ before steam merge) playing since 2012, i have remained a faithful customer through thick and thin, even spent a total of $560 USD ($768 AUD) on in game items like cars , clothes guns...  even got a nice collection of legendaries but up untill a few days ago when i couldnt log into my account due to it being BLOCKED?

After contacting Gamersfirst regarding the issue, they palmed me off to Punkbuster who informed me i have a global ban due to cheating...(WTF!!??), they informed me there is no way to tell how or who but all they know is there was an interference with punkbuster so they refuse to lift the ban because they said it might happen again, so i sent another ticket pleading my case and what was happening at time of block(which was closing apb with task manager due to game crash) and they just deleted without even reading

Today i have recieved an email from gamersfirst saying my account is cancelled and pretty much "smell ya later"

VERDICT: Dont give these guys a cent and dont ever think they care about their customers because they clearly dont.
i've always encounterd hackers in this game and always annoyed me, but being banned for hacking when you werent is absolutely disgusting. REFUND WANTED!!

RATING: 2 Middle fingers out of 10
.……..…../´?/)…………..(\?`\
…………/….//……….. …\….\
………../….//………… ….\….\
…../´?/…./´?\…………../? `\….\?`\
.././…/…./…./.|_……_| .\….\….\…..\
(.(….(….(…./.)..)…..(..(. \….)….)….).)
.\…………….\/…/…....\/……………./
..\…………….. /……..\………………/
….\…………..(………..)……………/

The game is good.

The devs are bad.

The community is bad.

The "micro" transactions are really expensive.

The devs are deleting posts on the forums about DDoS attacks.

Well done.
Date was like 2/3 years ago.

I've played this game for years and right at the end it turned into a Pay to Win game with hackers every where.

Im not going to pay 40$ for a Ingame gun...

Since people keep commenting on my Review here is an update to stop everyone arguing with me.

The premium Weapon are Far better like the shotgun has a fixed pattern to its spread so if aimed right it would one shot you. The premium HVR allowed you to run with it when the non premium would not. The premium Car parts gave a boost to you vehicle to allow you to over power non premium users. the list can go on of small things that over time will add up..

I under stand they need to make money to keep the game alive... however I believe it should be kept at a cosmetic level of game play not core mechanic of the game.. not to mention the idea of renting a gun for a week for real money or spending 40$ US to own the gun, Like really I might as well buy another game for that price..   

Bottom line is I shouldn't have to be a MLG level of gaming just to compete with some casual gamer who spends 80+ dollars a week to get an over powered weapon/car.
Don't let my hours fool you, I also have several thousand on their standalone client. This game isn't worth your time unless you're already a veteran, and we veterans only play because of very flawed and irrational reasons.

Infested with cheaters of every flavor, community is a toxic cesspit with only a few good people, cash shop has stopped pretending altogether that it isn't pay to win, etc.

If I could take back all the years and thousands of dollars I've put into this game, I would do so in a heartbeat... even if that time and money wasn't returned to me.

Reloaded Games is unethical, unprofessional, and just plain greedy. They're still not worse than EA, but they definitely would give EA a run for its money.

Also, yes, this is partly a rant. However, that doesn't change the simple fact that it's truth.

So yes, go ahead and dismiss this review, and waste your time (and inevitably money) downloading this game... but don't say you weren't warned about what you would be subjected to.
I would have recommended this... Till this week.

This week, I was informed that my account was banned, because I bought a key off eBay. And it wasn't the first time I had done something like that. I bought retail pack codes previously as well. $5 a pop then.

So I didn't see much wrong with doing it again. Many of the community had done it as well.

At the time, I wasn't going to do something that would endanger my 3 year old, and $800 ARMAS account.

And then this week.... The saddest week of my recent memory in gaming... Happened.

10008. Banned.

Reason? Cause someone from over a year ago, did a chargeback.

"Go after them. Go get your money back." It is -WELL- beyond the standard 90 - 120 days for that.

And then G1 wants money from me? To unban me?

Sorry. I spend my money willingly. Not when my account is held hostage. That's extortion.

Do not play this game. Do not spend money on this game.

And I am not saying that as someone with 100 hours in. I am not saying that as a R40 Bronze.

I am saying that as someone that has an R255 and an R249. I've spent a long time playing this game.

But you will -NOT- get another penny from me now, G1.

Punish the victim? I hope you burn.
As a veteran of this game since 2012, I think I know quite a lot about APB: Reloaded. I have over 800-1000 hours on the nonsteam version of this game, and nearly 1000 on Steam, so nearly 2000 hours, probably more by the time you read this.

The Cons / Game Breakers / 90% of this game

- The worst matchmaking I have EVER seen in my life is ANY game. I've seen two silvers ( noobs ) with probably about 50 hours combined with a gold with maybe 70-90 hours at most ( At most, 190 hours combined ) go against 3 golds with over 8000 hours combined.
I'm just speechless.

- Cancerous community. The most common type of cancer among the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of San Paro is no doubt griefers 
" The best way to avoid the cancer is to become the cancer " - a fellow anonymous San Paro enforcer

- The last 15 ♥♥♥♥ing updates taking place once a month have been Joker Boxes or an Arma$$ marketplace update

- I wouldn't mind spending 1-5$ for a gun reskin, 10$ at most for a super cool gun skin.. but they're ♥♥♥♥ing 40$ FOR ONE. EVERYTHING on the ♥♥♥♥in marketplace is overpriced. Admitedly they ARE cool though. It gets quite annoying when the last 15 updates in a row have been simply paid 40$ reskins of guns.

- Corrupt developers. Proof :

Tiggs falsebanning people for making fun of her ( Read below )

http://imgur.com/a/M05rL 


- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, however most mid- high spec computers wont have problems ONLY because this game is old.. no other reason. the code is an absoulute disaster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrJ0qw3mDDc

- No updates

- Graphics have progressively gotten worse since 2010. They were a bit outdated in 2010, and here we are; 5 years later with even worse graphics then the outdated 2010 ones...

- The most amature developers who break something while trying to fix another

- No events. The few " events " are absoulute crap and I wouldn't even consider them to be events.

- Zero clientside Anticheat and only a shitty serverside anticheat. Fairfight is shit in this game compared to something like Fairfight on Battlefield. They can't even detect macros or keystrokes. I am not lying, all it takes is turning on constant delays and boom, all triggerbots and macro users are banned. There are users who have used macros for thousands of hours without bans. There are blatant aimbotters doing 180 degree snaps and never missing such as JanelleStargent who has currently been aimbotting since rank 9 and is now rank 200 for 3+ weeks. The best part? There was LITERALLY an admin in the same match with her who has BANNING priveleges and says " let Fairfight take care of it " but keep in mind, he even ADMIT she was cheating and knew for a fact, but still did not ban her. If there are blatant cheaters, they usally last 1-2 weeks and just reroll, there is no clientside anticheat so cheaters will NEVER be detected and instantly banned, people who make an effort to hide their cheats will NEVER get banned either, and if they do, it would have been a false ban regardless ( Read down below )

- They ban legit players and not cheaters proof : https://ffbans.org/Jericho/HelJA

HeIJA - Absolutely nothing fishy with him, played for 5+ years, regular aiming, gets flanked hundreds of times, very good gamesense, records THOUSANDS of hours of him playing on his Youtube and streams hundreds of hours : Nobody thought they were EVER cheating - Banned

Dogfish - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI5cXl3yvIk Everything fishy with him, locking onto enemies behind walls, inside cars, never missing, tracking thru walls, 180 degree snaps, known cheater to the community for years- Unbanned

It is worth noting all these bans are manual, and that there was a user in social district ( impossible to cheat on ) who made fun of Tiggs ( Game Moderator ) and got banned minutes later, and this guy was TRASH at the game.

Servers- Sometimes laggy and crash. They had no DDoS Protection before and it was nothing short from nightmare. Every 15 minutes, the server would get DDoS'ed and crash. Absoulutly unplayable. Now, they have fixed it but we still deal with occasional lagspikes and crashes. It isn't too bad, but it's very bad when you take into consideration the average HDD user takes 4-5 minutes to load APB and get into district. 

- The game is dead

- Grindy as ♥♥♥♥ after level 160

- They can't properly balance guns even though the balance is OKAY

- Too many broken promises. Been waiting for over 3 and a half years for an " engine " update and console release.. Let me break it to you.. this wont come around for ATLEAST another 12 months. Who knows where this game will be in 12 months? The community doesn't know for sure since we rely on G1 to tell us, and the truth is G1 has gotten their heads so far up their ♥♥♥ to even tell for themselves. Everything they'ved promised us has been broken. Hey G1 remeber about that racing district? LOL

- G1's infamous money making startegy - Make an OP Gun and wait 8 months to nerf it after you made the big bucks. Then, a couple months down the road have a fair balanced game ( gun balance wise ) what it should have been in the beginning, but then you nerf the DECENT in game cash guns, and release an OP Armas real life cash gun. Rinse repeat rinse repeat etc
If that doesn't work, ban players off your shitty dying game and hope they spend money

The pros : 

- The gameplay is admitedly fun. I like the mission objectives even though they are 90% of the time unbalanced, random, casual, and EXTREMELY repetitive.

- Customization. So hard to explain how good this is.

- Is not pay2win. I'm a bit skeptical about it since itt's grindy as hell, and I feel like theyre sorta leaning towards that direction since they have been releasing exclusive guns but it isn't that much of a big deal since theres only about 10 of them and the rest are reskins and they're not OP Other then the troublemaker which has been nerfed AFTER 8 MONTHS.
In my book, a game is pay2win if they offer you guns that aren't avaible with in game currency, but honestly this is an exception. this game is not pay2win. 

Overall this game is like a 4/10: 
If it wasn't free, had bad customization, this game would easily be a 2/10.
ONLY Play this game if you yourself are a hacker looking for an easy game to hack or are willingly putting yourself up for a stroke. There is nothing good in this game other then the customization, which even if youre an artistic person, Please don't do it PLEASE. You'll be much happier drawing then putting up with the endless, frustrating grind to unlock decent customization without emptying your wallet. By emptying your wallet, I don't mean 20$, I mean 300-400$ 
If you are into Crime games or Crim vs Cops, go for GTA 5, that game is actually worth your money and time.

I got banned for week because I POLITELY asked a GM twice if nudity symbols were allowed. The first time he ignored me, so I asked again and then he banned me saying he was going to give me time to think about spaming next time. He's very professional indeed; what makes him even better at his job is the fact that he was playing with a blatant aimbotting Shaw on his team ( 180 degrees snaps, never missing, 20-0 on his first game on that account ) and admit he knew he was 100% cheating, however told us to let FairFight handle it, and yet here we are 3 weeks later and he is still aimbotting unbanned ( name is JanelleStargent )
[b][i]After two years of playing this game, I have finally come to a point in which I can review it in full for what it is. And to be truthful, the positives are beginning to fade leaving merely negatives.[/i][/b] 

APB: Reloaded is a shadow of its former self in many regards, and these days is a shambling mess that won't warrant attention for much longer. With a dwindling playerbase and a greedy publisher, things have been turning sour as of late. Years ago during the original APB, the game looked and performed better for what it provided. Sure, it was a mess back then and it still is now. But some aspects were better back then, from what I've heard.

As a player who had played the game for well over 2,900 hours, I have experienced just about all there is to be offered by the game. And maintaining my honesty, there's some great potential locked away in this game. The potential for player designed content is stunning, and no other game provides such depth for customization on such a broad scale. Other games like EvE Online might provide an excellent character creation suite, and racing games like Forza (can't recall which one specifically) that have in depth car customization exist... But no other game brings systems akin to those present in other titles all into one MMO. Sounds great, doesn't it? If only it wasn't nearly impossible to get into the game.

Back a couple of years ago when I started playing APB:R, there were times I had to force myself to play to get accustomed to the game. I loved it too much to let it go, but it wasn't doing me any favours because it was (and still is) very harsh on new players. All the new free content is almost exclusively available to high ranking players with lots of experience, or to those who wish to become a wallet warrior using the in game cash shop. Now, to put it bluntly... No, I do not think APB is very Pay2Win. Are there some P2W aspects present in the game? Yeah, there is. But almost all of the things that will affect you in an actual match, things that dictate your performance against other players, can be achieved without dropping a dollar on the game. Most paid items merely exist as a shortcut to something that you can still earn on your own, but it'll take a lot of work to get those items. 

But, more on the subject of the game rather than the playerbase; how is it really? Well, it's a glorified version of Cops vs Robbers you used to play as a kid in your back yard when you were a kid. That, and then an insane amount of customization potential. The customization elements are rock solid and very enjoyable to use, and you'd be very surprised with the things that some people are capable of creating in game. But the game... How does it run? Well, poorly. The thing about a lot of people who play Free2Play games is that they aren't usually very wealthy and can't afford much in terms of paid games or a strong computer to play them on. APB tends to perform rather badly for some lower end hardware configurations which frankly kills that part of the market. Unless you have a very high end computer, you best be ready for feeling serious stuttering in game. However the dedicated servers that the game is hosted on are also rather bad. The server hardware is slowly being worked on to be upgraded, but it will take a long time for full deployment of the new hardware. Unfortunately, the new hardware that provides better server quality (not by much) is only high end consumer grade desktop hardware. Not server grade stuff... But consumer grade stuff. Disappointing, really.

The combat in game is somewhat hampered at times due to the condition of the servers, which results in poor hit detection for some people and frequent lag spikes on certain servers with the older server hardware. Driving can also be awkward, as driving in APB isn't like in other games. According to the developers, certain things are bound to the server and you have to interact with the server in order to interact with certain items... Like vehicles. There's an easily noticeable delay in steering and throttle for vehicles as you are technically sending commands to the server to move your vehicle, then waiting for it to confirm those actions and send information back to you for your game to display on your monitor. So to put it briefly, the combat and driving can be rather clunky at times.

All in all though, is the game worth it to try and get into? Currently, it's not quite there. Unless you absolutely adore the customization options available, then it isn't really worth your time to start playing it right now. The amount of headaches you'll have to deal with is a massive turn off for fresh players. Not to mention the community is quite frankly rubbish. There's trolling jerks left and right, along with closet cheaters that mask their cheats as skill in order to make up for their own shortcomings so they can be good at a mere video game. A better time to jump on this game would have been a little over a year ago, but things are improving so it might be new player friendly again sometime soon. Currently the devs are working on updating the core engine of APB: R to make things substantially better from a development point of view, but if they can't make that work and create new content to keep people around... Well, this game won't become the MMO everyone plays and it'll just be another MMO that most people just look at once and say "nah...". It's up to you if you want to jump into this game how it is now, as it's rough in a lot of spots but a few things shine so bright.

Game Rating: 7/10 for what the game is capable of, but 5/10 for the community that calls APB:R home.
I have played this game for nearly four years and invested over 1500 hours into the game as well as a god-awful amount of money that I regret each time I spend. I have quit, come back, quit, come back, etc. in a cycle that's really hard to break. Let me just say that I am posting my review of this game as someone who has not been banned and has seen every side of the game and community.

The game is akin to cocaine, if I'm completely honest. At first it's great, but the more you do it the worse it gets and while you know you really should just fucking stop you can't.

Some pros of the game include the customization, which is without a doubt top notch - you really don't get much better than the customization they offer. The PVP aspect of it is, over all, fairly entertaining and really quite fun. But that's about where the pros stop.

The cons include an unbalanced threat system to determine matches, micro-transactions (that really aren't all that micro) to get any kind of good customization, cars, weapons, etc., unresponsive devs & GMs (who are inconsistent and biased at best), a hitbox that is the same on the tallest/fattest character as it is on the shortest/skinniest one, an anti-cheat system that is easy to bypass and isn't consistent, and an overall toxic community that honestly reminds me of COD and their never ending comments about what they did to someone's mom last night.

As much as I hate it I will keep playing it. I honestly don't understand why. I hate the game, I hate the community, and yet at the same time I hold out that hope that one day G1 will be worth a fuck and actually fix the damn thing.

TL;DR: if you're not already playing the game, don't.
With over 1500 hours, I can say this:
-don't play the game, there are better ones around.
-If you do decide to play, you will be met by one of the most try-hard people on the planet (not to mention, toxic as well)
-don't get emotionally attached to this game, the toxicity of the players will eat you alive.
-game used to be fun... due to its weird physics and mechanics which made it interesting... but you guessed it! every fun part of the game was "fixed".
-Some time ago lots of players got banned for buying redeem codes off of 3rd party websites... The only way to get unbanned was to buy 40$ worth of in-game stuff... GamersFirst? nah, more like MoneyFirst, GamersLast.
[b] [h1] APB Reloaded [/h1] [/b]
[b] Action MMO Third Person Shooter [/b]

[b] [h1] Pros [/h1] [/b]
[list]
[*] Awesome character customization
[*] Fantastic vehicle customization
[*] Large variety of weapons to play with
[*] Lots of contacts to level up
[/list]

[b] [h1] Cons [/h1] [/b]
[list]
[*] Very dead playerbase
[*] Developers don't care much about the game
[*] More sales in Armas Marketplace than fixing issues
[*] DDoS issues are rising more than ever
[*] Hackers, hackers, and more hackers...
[*] Very toxic community, except for the slim few
[*] P2W weapons? This is a large debate in the community
[*] Very unfair advantage for new players playing against experienced players
[*] You need premium to access a lot of clothing and vehicle perks
[/list]

[h1] Summary [/h1]
My personal opinion, don't start playing this game. If you're an old player looking to return, don't. The big updates never came, instead we got new Armas Marketplace sales.
As you can see, there's more cons in this review, than pros. Ask anybody else in the community, the game is in a bad state. The game has amazing potential, and it is truly addicting. But please, let me save you the headache and don't play the game. Almost everyday now, the servers are DDoS attacked and almost nothing is done to fix that. FF has the bad habit of instead of banning the cheaters, banning the innocent players that have done nothing wrong.
Although the game is F2P, please don't waste your time.
Random server crashes, cheaters, toxic community, dead playerbase, and so much more...

[i] Hopefully this review helped you learn a thing or two...[/i]

[h1] [b] Update: [/b] [/h1] Game has been uninstalled.....
After having played this game for 3 years and put over 1000 hours into it. I can say for certain that this game is a fundamentally flawed broken unfinished piece of sh!t, no one wants to play this game and FOR A GOOD REASON.

Apb has a huge potential to be something great, It has the hands down best customization any game ever made has to offer. You can create your own cars and clothing and truely be anything you want to be with little limitation. But on the gameplay side of things, while the the idea behind the gameplay and the missions and all that stuff is solid, the fundamental design flaws prevents it from living up to that potential. On top of that, the game is littered with many bugs, imbalances and, serious client side and crippling server side performance issues. And most importantly, this game attracts and empowers a lot of duchebags to do maximum duchebaggery, they are like the soul of APB (and not in a good way)

So what are these fundamental game design flaws?

Map designs that do not take into account what this game is about and how it is played, players love exploiting the flawed map designs to cheat the mission by placing items on high up unreachable places and obstructing or destroying the only way to get there, making the whole mission invalid and granting them an automatic win. Or putting the item in a car and circumvent the speed penalty for doing so by just pushing the car with another car and driving on the part of the map that is impossible to intercept.

Mission designs that give no consideration to the locations or nonsensical objectives that dont take into consideration the nature of the game. For example, investigating an ATM in a middle of an open 80-150m space with no cover and surrounded by sniping positions. Or pointless objectives that are impossible for one of the teams to do, like stopping a car from going through 3 unspecified checkpoints on random locations on the map. Some mission objectives are placed in locations that greatly favor one of the teams. 

Almost all missions in this game require you to camp the objective, the whole game is based on camping and some combinations of map locations and mission objectives make it impossible to finish some missions because the enemy team is camping some roof top that has only one way up with guns pointed at it and is too high to be sniped.

Theres also weapons that dont belong in this game, Such as the OSMAW rocket launcher that makes any semblance of a balance in this game, hit rock bottom.

No one will ever fight fair, they will use every dirty trick in the book, any given opportunity to cheat the mission and will have no mercy for your rank 25 noob as.s.

They will be rude and obnoxious about it, they will message you without provocation just to insult you during or after the mission when they won it. The forum community is just as rotten.

I also have to mention the broken matchmaking that throws low level beginner players against high level duchebags that have unlocked every possible balance breaking gear and know every possible game exploit and are not ashamed to use all that to stomp the low level new players that dont have jack sh!t unlocked. The more game breaking gear is, the higher level locked it is, making sure that people who dont need it to win the mission have it and people who could really use it dont, witch tips the scales to a 90 angle between both sides.  

If you have no job and live in your mom's basement, even you will find this game to be the biggest grind fest ever conceived, if you do not have a sh!t bucket nearby, this game is not for you. Even with premium, be prepared to put at least 400 hours to get on a level playing field with the rest of the players or your as.s will be stomped every mission you do. You will get 90% grind and 10% actual enjoyment before you get to a point where you have all the necessary gear unlocked and can start playing the game just for fun.

If all of this wasnt enough, G1" is "working hard" to add all kinds of new and exciting ways to be an as.shole in the game. Such as the "car surfer" character mod that allows your character to ride on top of a car and fire any bul.lsh!t weapon you want at your opposition who is chasing you and blowing up their car, eliminating every little remaining chance for the enemy team to get their hands on that item you are running away with like a pus.sy instead of fighting, throwing out the last remaining bit of fairness and balance out the window and ensuring the victory for your team.

A car surfing OSMAW as.shole on top of a car with other cowboy hat duchebags is like a cherry on top of a stinking sh!t cake. It is the symbol of everything that is wrong with this game.

i also forgot to mention, the gun play is a joke, there is no proper bullet collisions with map objects, making you hit invisible forcefields and random objects you arent even aiming at, your weapons lock up and dont shoot if you pressed shoot a tiny bit too soon after you finished climbing a ladder or getting out of the car. There is no such thing as hitboxes for body parts or headshots or any of that modern stuff, the whole player is one big hitbox (usualy bigger than the player model so they can kill you without even touching you. The servers run on a 40ms (ideal conditions - also never) tick rate that effects the gun play, and other aspects of the game. This means things only happen every 40ms, you can feel this delay the most when you are driving a car or pressing F to do an action, you can also see the shots you fired at lets say a car, hit it after some delay. This is kind of a problem to the gun play, you get the kill or not depends a lot not on your skill but on factors like if your shots are at the beginning or the end of that 40ms gap, witch is also greatly effected by crippling server side lag issues. It also seems that some people are favored by the server over others, they are so called lag armor users or people that kill you faster than the max fire rate of the weapon they are using. Its different from person to person, i guess the server somehow lines up people in a specific order when it processes information coming from them. There is also a big problem called ghost shots, its when you shoot but for whatever reason the server doesnt register any of your shots.

So yeah, this game is a really good idea, but the execution is terrible, dont waste your time unless you are a masochist like me.

TL;DR

Serious client side performance issues and crippling server side performance and bugs.
Maps designed for the wrong game.
Missions placed blindly, not taking location consideration or what game this even is.
Rude community, especially on the forums.
Camping, Using exploits, taking advantage of the fundamental design flaws and other kinds of cheating to win missions.
This game is 10% fun and 90% frustrating grind.
Balance breaking Weapons that do not belong in this type of game.
The game is mostly unplayable and full of hackers. If you write something bad on their facebook page they will delete your comment and block you. Developers only care about money. Nobody cares about the players' problems or suggestions for improving the game.
I Do not recommend this game. I have 3,863.9 hours on the steam version at the time of this review. More before I used steam version too, Been playing since 2011. 

So I got into this game because I love the customization and gameplay... Absolutely LOVE it, even though when I started I was mostly a bronze playing on a toaster PC. When I got a new computer I got better and became well borderline silver / gold, jumping back and forth between those two threats. I spent around $1500 USD on the content of this game over the last 5 years and had 33 characters on one account that I put my heart and soul into.

Yesterday however during a game I was kicked from a server with 6 seconds left to win the match, low and behold I was kicked by the FairFight "anti - cheat" program... Was I cheating? Absolutly not. Anyway, I sent a ticket to G1 - No Response.

What now? I'll just sit around and complain about it, or I can express myself about this game. FairFight is broken, it gives false positives, this is confirmed, friends know I don't use cheat programs to gain unfair advantage. PunkBuster was removed from the game because that had issues too... The game engine is old and they "plan" to upgrade it? Will they IDK? Truth is I want my money back, or atleast my account.

I do reccomend this game if you...

1. Want to hear people spamming retarded music on mic.
2. Want to be bullied and harrassed by new and old players almost constantly
3. Want to play a game with almost no support or moderation
4. Want to be banned for no reason (I have had many friends get banned in APB for stupid pointless stuff, while blatent cheaters, verbal abusers, people who are constantly racist continue to roam ammock in this game)

Some notes. This game has threat level system that doesn't work too (Green, Bronze, Silver, Gold) Now problem with this is, in the games current setup, theres threat segregation and it makes no sense because golds get stuck in one server and can't play in the majority of other servers with the majority of other players. This leads to gold threats "dethreating" to play in the lower tier servers. This means a Gold purposly losing games to become Silver. There's a few reasons why people do this, I won't explain. Try the game if you want to find out. Hell it's free to play and it's not pay to win, but it's very difficult and grindy.

Gamersfirst, please care about your players... They are what made you. NOT the game. Did ya'll even think about what "GamersFirst" means litterally? G1? G-ONE? GONE! kthnxbye
I recently revisited the game with a friend and I can tell you.
This game is dead, invest your time and $$$ into something else.

The player count is now very low, so low that they've decided to merge all servers into just 3. On the Jericho server, all but a single lobby will be basically empty unless its a Friday/Saturday night.

The only regular players left are Gold kitted out vets/whales who stack together on one faction in premade groups and then join lower rank lobbies just to nail new players to the wall. Due to the lack of people still playing this forces the matchmaker to find the best fit it can. Resulting in very 1-sided matches. A few examples: https://imgur.com/a/JnklWEd. 
This matchmaking problem is guaranteed to get worse when the proposed 'centralized matchmaking' is introduced, as these stacks Little Orbit are catering to won't need an excuse to join lower rank lobbies to be matched against you anymore.

Want to provide unbiased feedback on this topic in a friendly manner on the official forums? Prepare to be trolled and attacked by stupidity and hate (Which even the moderators themselves join in on). Followed up by veeeeery direct childish insults/cusses and mental gymnastics. I've been through a few rodeo's now but in terms of toxicity, this community really takes the crown. https://forums.gamersfirst.com/topic/7095-is-it-okay-refusing-to-play/

The proposed 'engine update' Little Orbit are riding on at this point was supposed to be completed in 2013 by the games previous owner, GamersFirst. Even though Little Orbit admits no work has been done, they still insist on 'updating' to the old UE3.5 that was released back in 2009. The few players left are expecting APB 2 but in reality this offers nothing that will change the game in any game saving way.

Given Little Orbit being a small company that appears to just be a group of mates, and their history of practicing monetization, I have very big doubts that APB will last long enough to see it's re-creation on Unreal 4 as they claim in their roadmap. 
If they truely did have the resources to even make a UE4 project as large as APB themselves to begin with, they wouldn't have pointlessly bought this dead game along with other failed titles earlier this year to use as a live services ($$$). (For reference it took Realtime Worlds 200+ staff, 3 years and over $100m to develop APB originally).

At this point it's already been 9 years since APB's original release and it's effectively closed down twice. Thanks to the server merge the oceanic server (Hans) was merged with a US server (Jericho), resulting in AU/NZ players now having 200ms ping. Repeated minor seasonal events still suffer the same server crippling bugs year in year out and Little Orbit can barely keep the remaining 3 under populated servers up during peak times (Rumored to be due to DDoS attacks). Honestly feels as if APB is nothing more than a cash cow that companies are taking turns with.

As much as I liked this game back on launch, it's better to pretend it died back in 2012.
Sadly, I cannot recommend this game.

I've played and loved APB since its initial release by Realtime Worlds, and, sad to say, its done nothing besides go downhill. My hours presented here aren't represenative of my actual time spent in game, as I did not use Steam for APB for the longest time.

The original game had an idea of an emergent world, the "original gta multiplayer" style design. The developers had a vision, the game looked good, it ran good, and it was fun to play. Due to a slew of bad decisions and problems however, RTW went out of business and had to sell the game to Gamersfirst, whom, as you may know, were an awful company.

They removed pretty much any form of competitive play, such as the old ladder system and they gutted the threat system to help "remove toxicity." They rebalanced everything with the idea of RNG being a major balancing factor, reducing the fluidity of the gameplay and making it feel cheap. They added many mechanics to fundamentally lower the skill ceiling of the game, such as car-det, where you can explode your car and the speed of the explosion is based on your proximity, so you can get out and detonate it and it instantly detonates, resulting in a few free frags. Did i mention it notifies you that a car is going to explode via sound, but, theres been a bug since it was added to the game where the sound won't play? Most of the bugs, just like that one, have been present for five years or longer. You can still throw projectiles through doors, you can still glitch objectives in buildings, you can still see players names through walls, hitreg and "ghost shots" are extremely common even still, among other things.

The old GamersFirst also was well reknowned for being liars, most of the major features they released were not their own work and were previous assets RTW had, as many people were able to prove on the old forums. The developers lied in many interviews, you can find this out with a little sleuthing about Revoemag and Neume. After a short time, they tried to "clamp down on toxicity" and started to ban players for "cheating" and yes i mean "cheating" not cheating. For instance, the old carebear situation on the West Coast server, a player known as fishamajig was banned by a developer named Byrt for "cheating" because he was streamsniping a certain group of players the developer often played with. He was later unbanned and they admitted fault months later, but it still ruined his reputation. Tiggs followed suit with this when fairfight was added to the game. This did nothing but harm the playerbase and give the outside audience a perspective of APB being plagued by cheaters. And by lying, they also lied about the major upgrades they were making with the engine. The old G1 lied about their progress and instead pushed a console release, which is buggy and barely performs, and more gambling aspects to the game.

How do I know they lied? Well, a new company, Little Orbit, purchased GamersFirst, and openly admitted in one of their earliest announcements that almost no work was done on the engine upgrade. Just another nail in the coffin. Currently, LO has breathed some life into the game, but, the existing servers are ddosed constantly, LO likely doesn't have the financial resources to mitigate it properly as well, its not well mitigated. All of the balance problems and bugs still exist. Their crowning accomplishment was adding BattleEye, which, actually killed the cheating almost entirely. If they can get the engine upgrade out so the game actually performs and doesn't stutter, even when using picmip level graphics with all audio files replaced, it may have a chance. As of right now, its not even a shadow of what it used to be, it's been completely squandered and I would encourage you to stay as far away as possible.
The game itself is in my opnion close to perfection IF! it had the been released right the first time. With no bugs more content.

Pros:
The gameplay is amazing. driving cars is fun and different. some cars are hard at first and so satisfying to drive when you get the hang of it.
The shooting in the game is also really amazing (tho it was far better before they started infesting it with new weapons) every gun is different. like playing a new game every time you change weapons.
social district without a doubt the most unique part of this game.

Cons:
The company behind it is absolutely shit. They are only focused on milking their players for money and as much as they can. They barely update the game anymore. hasent been a good update for years.
The players in the game are toxic and mostly dicks. its near inpossible to find a decent human being on it.
Hackers, this game as been dealing with cheaters since it came out. Tho less hackers than you would think. 

i would not recommend this game at all what so ever right now. the game went from almost finished to alpha stage. has only gone downhill since g1 took over this game.

I have spent 2500+ hours on this game. and this is all my opnion.


EDIT:
So now i have given up took me many many years of being let down and fked hard by this company. the support is useless the devs are useless. 
sucks to see this game fall this far  because of shitty management 



R.I.P APB you deserved better
After playing this game for about 3-4 years (and even giving a presentation about it for my highschool english final, kill me inside) I finally got the guts to quit playing it.

This game can be classified as GTA's artistic (no, not autistic) cousin who died off early due to a birth defect but was resurrected by the power of money and a dream that is constantly being battered down by a poor community and a money-hungry company.

I'm not berating this game. The only problems I have with the game is its toxic community (aside from some hand-picked few), the fact you have to pay for everything, and the graphics get worse each year.
I still do come back to it to make some friend's custom symbols for when they ask. This game was great for what it was at the time. A F2P multiplayer Grand Theft Auto for the PC in which you can customize just about everything you ever wanted. But for the community and the company that hosts the game? I'd be taping a huge DO NOT CROSS banner on it if you're looking for a game to main. Play this game only if you have a bunch of friends to join in to kill time.

The game is great for what it delivers as a 2008 (or around that?) game.
- You can lean around corners and you're allowed a wide-range of weaponry consisting of but not limited to: On-Impact Grenades, Light-weight Snipers, Rocket Launchers, IRL Paid-For Legendary Pistols that do better than any of the F2P rifles in the game (I'm looking at you Nano <3), half a brick, and even snowballs.
- The Vehicle system is great allowing you to buy a bunch of epic looking cars that (for real life money) you can modify just like Need For Speed Underground with the body kits, car seats, dump valves, radio waves, and monkeys.
- You can run around two different pretty big cityscapes ranging at 1k+ meters and traverse it the way you want by either running around or driving cars (or surfing on em).
- It contains one of the best character and car customization systems out there, allowing you to make symbols by the use of manipulating random shapes/vectors and placing them on a vast amount of character clothing and vehicles.
- You're also able to change the music people hear when you kill them, music that gets played out your car, and music that you can play in a portable stereo system. (Yes I know, its as epic as it seems)
- And you can even chill in the game's social area where you can edit your car, clothes, face, and just hangout with other bros and bro-dettes.

All-in-all if you want a game in which to customize stuff with, this is your game. However you practically have to pay to get everything, otherwise have fun spending thousands of hours trying to unlock everything.
Also don't play this game if you get mad really easily, that's my final word on this.
If you enjoy playing a game in permanent beta, this game is for you.

While I've clocked many hours (have another 1.5k+ before the steam merge), I don't think I can reccomend this game to anyone. It's just not worth investing time into for new people. Older players only play it because we got hooked early on, and most of us are nostalgic or for some reason holding onto hope for the game. 

I wish this game could hit it's potential that it had even back in 2010/2011, but it's not very likely, even with the "engine update" that's supposed to be here by the end of this year. Don't bet on that though, they also said it was supposed to release back in Q1 2014, and look where we are :). G1 has been worse than Nexon, and that's a great warning sign for anyone interested in trying this game out. 

If you're still interested, despite all the negative reviews, by all means go ahead. Just remember, you were warned.
I have played this god forsaken for hours, hours, ive spent an ungodly amount of money on this game. Because that is practically the only way to do good in this game. The community of this game is absolute bullshit full of awful people. If you are actually good at third person shooters then do not get this game. You will constantly be called a hacker. You will eventually get banned just as i have, and in return lose everything youve worked for. I was max rank with everything unlocked and i payed the price for being accused a hacker. I know sit at home staring at my screen wishing that i could punch the C.E.O of Gamersfirst in the fucking face. This Game's Community, and EVERYTHING it stands for is absolute BULLSHIT!
Review Update: The link that showed proof to the corrupt devs has been removed by the original poster, It had nothing to do with protecting the corrupt devs.
[h1]TL;DR Version at bottom[/h1]

[h1]Please read the review (or the TL;DR version) before commenting, please.[/h1]

[h1][u]If you're gonna comment something along the lines of "hurr dis guy r idiot 4 pleyign bad gaem for 2000 hours", I'm just going to remove it since you clearly haven't even bothered to read the first sentence of the review.[/u][/h1]

This game was great! 
[spoiler]...in 2011.[/spoiler] 
Nowadays, the same cannot be said.

The only real reason you should be playing this game is the character customization. There's just simply no other game that actually has a detailed character editor that lets you put custom symbols on your character/character's clothing. Symbol and car customization are pretty weak on the other hand, due to the high limitations of the editor (Up to 100 layers for a symbol, annoying customization bar for cars doesn't let you place more than a couple of complex symbols without preventing you from saving). However, to get the most out of the editors, you'd have to buy premium otherwise your customization options are extremely limited (25 Layers for a symbol/3 symbols for clothes and character/7 symbols for cars). Also, a good amount of clothing options are locked away unless you pay a certain amount of money for them (Some things cannot be bought seperately and requires you to buy things in packs that can go up to 2099 G1C/US$26 because it includes a 30 day gun).

APB's gameplay is horrid. Most of the weapons work most effectively in one area but work poorly in other areas, which means you'll be spending half the match switching guns(which takes forever because you'll have to firstly go to an inventory area, then click a bunch of things to change your weapon, then wait to restock the weapon's ammo completely) to suit the situation that you're in, The driving has input lag for people with high ping, and most of the cars drive like their on ice (skidding everywhere and poor traction), The matchmaking is completely horrid, APB uses a "threat" system for matchmaking to show a player's skill. In late 2011, the threat system was changed from 30 threat levels(Bronze 1-10, Silver 1-10, Gold 1-10) to 4 threat levels(Green, Bronze, Silver, Gold). With the new threat system, it just throws in random people of different threats and gives the losing team the option of backup ([url=http://i.imgur.com/BWJt5nq.jpg]Example[/url]), which means that missions will normally always be one-sided. There's also not that much to do in the game, the only game types you can play are missions, fight club, and social. Missions are normally 4v4 objective based matches that lets you level your character's rating level up that takes place in different parts of the map, Fight club is a fixed section of a map (Waterfront's Baylan Shipping/Asylum (Beacon was removed for some odd reason)) that's more focused around killing people instead of doing objectives, social is where you go to customize things/use the marketplace/go AFK for no reason. The missions are really repetitive, mostly either involving you defending an area, or go to a place and press the action button, the placement for objectives is another thing that causes missions to be one-sided, as objectives can sometimes spawn in easy camp spots.

One of the things I dislike about APB the most is the cash shop. Before anyone makes assumptions, No, the cash shop guns are not overpowered, as a sheer amount of the cash shop guns are just re-meshes of a gun that's available for free. Most of the things in the cash shop will cost you a lot of money, with prices going up to US$50+ just for a pack containing one car with kits, one outfit and one gun for one character. The cash shop even goes to selling ludicrous items such as a "friends and ignore list extender" which adds 50 capacity to your in-game friends/ignore list for a hefty US$12.5. Sure, the devs have added a F2Per's option for obtaining cash shop items via the Joker Store, but the prices are pretty expensive. It will cost you 1000 Joker Tickets to buy a 3 slot cash shop gun for 7 days. However, the maximum amount of Joker Tickets anyone can earn within a week is around 1000, which means you will have no Joker Tickets to spend if you want to save up for something neat on the Joker Store.

Over the years that I've been playing this game(even though I left the game between mid 2012-late 2013), this game hasn't gotten any better. Sure, you might say that the new anti-cheat(Fair Fight) is pretty cool, right? But then, Gamersfirst began to unban people off the ban list and straight up silencing people who bring up the matter([url=https://social-district.com/forums/topic/111-apbgate/]Read more here[/url]). The new tutorial hasn't done any better at teaching new players anything (People simply ignore it and ask people on chat), 

[h1]TL;DR Version:[/h1]
[b](Note: I have a lot of hours on this game because I used to enjoy it)[/b]
4/10
+Character Customization, simply because no other game can rival it

~Symbol/Vehicle Editor, other games can do this better

-Gameplay is repetitive with little variety
-Matchmaking is inaccurate ([url=http://i.imgur.com/BWJt5nq.jpg]Example[/url])
-Cash shop pricing is out of control
-Corrupt devs ([strike][url=https://social-district.com/forums/topic/111-apbgate/]Read more here[/url][/strike]) (Link doesn't work)
-Newbie unfriendly
Played this 4000+ hours. I don't recomend it now. In the old days I would. The glory days are long gone and the engine upgrade which has been the thing developers announced as the thing that would breathe new life into this game is 3 years late. Yes, 3 years. Turns out the reason they decided to do an engine upgrade was to release the game on consoles, to breathe money into their wallets. But to keep the players they said at first that it was intended primarily for PC. They lied. Only if the console release works out will they put it out for PC too. The console releases this far has been ridden with bugs, crashes, FPS drops and unstable performance in general, though the graphics are nicer to look at. Customisation in this game is one of a kind, so you could try it for that, but aside from that you're bound to get frustrated at the unbalanced gameplay and inability of the dev to take the right descisions. Whatever you do, trust me, do NOT spend any money on it.
[Wall of text,that is more of a rant ,but i think it's worth talking about]
[h1]I will review this game,but first,let me tell you about the tragic tale of the now Free 2 Play APB.[/h1]

The story begins back in 2009,a studio,Realtime Worlds,almost finished developping a game called All Points Bulletin,it's publisher was EA,the devloppement of the game took nearly 6 years,and Realtime Worlds was in a huge debt to EA,i'f i recall correctly,it reached more than 30 millions.(Easily)

When the game was published,i remember being extremely excited because it promised infinite customisation,a lot of gameplay mechanics,and a cops&robbers atmosphere that was extremely fresh and promsing back in the day.

Don't get me wrong,the game was good,but it wasn't worth it's hype,the PvP was imbalanced,the game was extremely bugged,and the only thing working properly was the customisation.

1-2 months later,the game left a glitchy corpse,devoid of life.Realtime Worlds went bankrupt,they became Rockstar North afterwards.But given EA's track records with his studios,i'd say EA fired them after they pressured them to finish the game,a bit like when Maxis was fired due to the Simcity catastrophe.

In an interview i can't find anymore,the ex-devs told everyone that the game had an absolute Frankenstein of a code,add that to the fact it was a mix of Unreal Engine 2 and 3,and you get your set of dominos ready to fall down with just one slight blow.

In 2010-2011,another company,Gamersfirst,bought APB and gave it to one of his studios,Reloaded Productions.I still don't know i'f they were aware that the game is a nightmare to fix and program stuff on,(almost like DayZ,i'f anyone wants a comparaison) but i still think that was the stupidest move possible.

they promised to fix the first game's errors and add new content to the mix.But after many failed roadmaps,focuses on the cash shop (i'f the [url=http://steamcharts.com/app/113400] low population [/url] isn't a proof that the game is already in a huge fix,you have another clue),slow developpent,due to Unreal Engine 2 and 3's domino effects on the game's code (it took 1 year and a half to get a new vehicle in the game[the Growl].Here's an example of [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UrjYEpIUME] what can happen i'f they fail to polish something properly [/url] ),and balancing issues that never get fixed (i'll do an example in the actual review),the community turned from just p1ss to p1ss mixed with salt,vinegar,and battery acid.[url=http://forums.gamersfirst.com/forum/634-social-district-general-discussion/] Go to their official forums to see how bad this is.[/url]

As a result from all of this,the devs are curling up in a ball,only communicating to sell their "Armas" stuff (paid content),getting booed every single update (that is very poorly executed and breaks stuff most of the time) or when commenting on a situation,while slowly bleeding players each month. Their forum moderators became anonymous puppets used to lock topics or deleting them entirely. 

Other reviewers already told that the community is worse than any actual skin disease.But i ain't gonna spare you any details,[b]because here goes the actual review.[/b]

[u]1:The community[/u]

Since i've decided to talk about it,let me tell you my perspective on the groups of pepole playing this game,but don't worry,apart from normal pepole,they're all equally cancerous and unfriendly.

Don't get me wrong,i'm trying to be as much neutral as possible in this review,i'm not "hating" on the game or anything,but stating the obvious.

In this game,you don't shape to the community:it's the community that shapes you.I'f you're a pretty average dude from the start and wanna try to intereact with the community,You're f*cked.You WILL try to get more and more attention,and most of the time,it leads to those paths:

You become a(n):-a*shole
-"Famous" drama queen
-Cheater (both of the above can still apply)

High rank cheating became so common to the point where there's always drama (yes,actual drama,with backstabs,[url=https://disqus.com/by/DetectiveAPB/]and keemstar clones[/url] .) around big names cheating for fame,and i'm not fearmongering,these pepole actually get a permanent ban in the end.

Now for the forum community,it's a great gathering of radioactive snowflakes,i like to think that there's there's 3 factions,all equally as toxic:

-       The Famous,that almost get agreed to everytime they open their mouths,get their butth0les licked clean everytime while being the leaders of huge circlejerks.

-       The RP White knights,that will never stop defending one of the devs team with the worst track record i have ever seen with their content updates (can you blame them when the company bought a broken game's license on Unreal engine 2?)

-       The Idiots,that just hate the game,(no matter what the reason is,or i'f there is even one),responding to one of them,even when proven right,grants you either a "shut up you silver",or a long paragraph,just to say "f*ck you".

[u]2:The gameplay:[/u]

Now about something a bit less depressing for a moment,the game is not P2W,it can be Pay 2 Skip at best,but not P2W,the gameplay is fairly ok i'f you have good tracking skills and good friends,and when there's no N-HVRs around to one shot you everytime there's wind on your skin.

Let me talk about the N-HVR:one bullet does 850 of damage at a maximum range of 90 meters ,and is pinpoint accurate when crouched.

A vanilla character has 1000 hp in total,and one bullet from any gun (except Less Than Lethal,obviously),or a fall from 10m will make you vulnerable from the HVR,and will make you a sitting duck in open areas,and you can't avoid them.

They can also be quickswitched (unless they magically fixed it),giving you instantly a huge advantage over the enemy.
I'f you mod them right,you're pretty much always pinpoint accurate,and quickswitch even faster.halving your TTK.You just lost basically 1 second on it (0.75s),giving the opponent no time to react fast enough to fall back.

You wanna know where the joke is?his accuracy was nerfed.

A sniper riffle's accuracy was nerfed instead of the stupidly high damage.

Some mods are essential,some are purely pointless,Everyone uses the 4x4 Vegas because it's the 2nd fastest vehicle in the game,who's accelerating almost as fast as the 1st best vehicle in terms of acceleration ,is dumb easy to turn with,and is the 2nd tankiest car of the game,see a problem?

I could tell even more,but i ran out of space to type on.

[u]3:The "Dev unicorn" situation[/u]

When i said that the devs are curling into a ball in an atomic bunker,i mean it.

The community manager never interreacts with the forum dwellers,except when it comes down to selling stuff (guess why),the devs don't listen to the community,but when they do,it always ends horribly for the game.One obvious balancing issue [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD5Af1Ge39s] on one gun [/url] was fixed after 6 months.(look at 1:30,that's just how bullsh*t it was.) 

So,let me give you one rhetorical question:
After i told everything i learned from this game,will you still play this game?

EDIT: 
[b]2017:[/b] Stuff happened,Check the comment section.
[b]2018:[/b] The game switched owners but nothing changed so far, it's only been a few weeks at the time i'm writing this, depending on what happens with cheaters and game balance, i might change this review, but for the time being, i'd suggest you don't install the game yet.
Updated as of 26/08/2016: So as a game that I have known for over 5 years now, there are times where you feel like coming back just to see what's up, and see if anyone you once knew is still playing. Keep in mind I haven't quit this game, but more of retiring from it until futher notice.

Now I can agree with a large amount of new players who have just tried this game, yes there are a few hackers out there, it makes it fustrating and you never want to touch this game again unless they fix it. However you'll find some sort of cheater in any F2P game, whether it be an aimbot, they're abusing a glitch, wallhacks, invincibility, etc. I understand that with FairFight they're trying to push back the amount of hackers in the game, but with each new day that passes by, these people will find a way to try and bypass it and survive on this game a little longer, even if it means one extra hour of tormenting the playerbase, and once that character is banned, it's that easy for them to make a whole new account and start it all over again.

However I've put up with my fair share of hackers and all that crap over the past 5 years in this game, and while it does tend to annoy me, it's never gotten to me to the point I've uninstalled APB. I just put up with it and wait for the next mission. My problem with this game at the moment, is the lack of content recently. It's been over 2 years now since the last contacts were released, and basically everyone who is R255 either sits in social cause there's nothing to do, they make a brand new character and level that to 255, rinse-repeat, or just leave the game until something new comes up to bring them back for a short period. Some players have even asked for a new game-mode, such as turf wars or racing district, instead of picking between repeated missions with the same opp, or fight club.

But what do we get instead? Joker box after joker box with a new gun that tends to be useless compared to some of the original weapons, and then you decide to release another version of that JMB weapon for credits or by forcing your players to spend 100's of dollars just to get it as a loyalty reward. I get it, a free-to-play game needs to get it's revenue from somewhere, and for APB it's the marketplace, but to care more about another gamble box over actual content for players in action districts like a new contact? No wonder why everytime I get on the game looks dead as f**k.

It really dissapoints me, as I saw alot of potential in this game, but to see where it's landed itself now makes me wish I could pull the plug on it before it suffers any longer. So to anyone who's thinking about installing this game, as a veteran of this game, I suggest you hold back and wait, it's not worth the hard drive space as of this moment.
[h1][b]AVOID THIS GAME - AVOID GAMERSFIRST[/b][/h1]

I really used to enjoy this game, it has its faults, many faults, but the character creation was second to none and I really enjoyed the cops and robber aspect of the simple point to point mission objectives. I played for hours putting my hard earned cash and time into this game. I kept a positive attitude when most players around me were toxic as hell. I tried to make a difference by running a clan, I sought out the friendly players from the toxic masses. I promoted and streamed the game. Hell, at one point I even defended Gamersfirst staff for the hard work they do in dealing with such a feral community. I was blinded for my love of the game and have since been harshly woken up from my rose tinted daydreams.

Gamersfirst are crooks. Maybe not quite thieves but definitely crooks. Their company is a vampire, which exploits people's loyalty to the game to suck as much money from their wallets as possible. Countless promises and years of waiting for the fabled engine update which would miraculously fix all of the issues with the games and bring all of its previous player base back to the game. The carrot on the stick which still has yet to be delivered. Yet there are plenty of loot boxes to be had, every month on the dot, another gambling mechanic to draw yet more money from its player base.

I previously praised the customisation as being second to none this is of course if you are willing to spend some money on the game. You are incredibly limited to how much detail you can put in while customising unless you pay for a monthly subscription. But that's just to be able to design your clothing to a level that would make you look truly unique and not like your everyday free to play player. Even purchasing basic cosmetics to make your character look better than anything you could come up with in free clothing will cost you the price of a new game on steam.

Weapons that you buy with in game currency expire after so many hours of gameplay meaning unless you pay $60, per weapon, for a permanent version you will be constantly grinding for cash just to be able to supply yourself with weapons before you can even think about upgrading your vehicle or buying new clothing.

Not only this but there are weapons that can only be bought for real world currency that are better than what you can acquire for free. Often bundled in bigger more expensive packs of items with no other way of acquiring just the weapons. There are many weapons with balancing issues but what is worse is that new weapons are initially released in a state that makes them overpowered and then they are later "rebalanced" to make them hard to use or worthless after the next new weapon is released.

Cheating is rife in the game and gameplay is constantly interrupted by players that are cheating and that are intentionally trying to ruin the game for others. The automated anti-cheat is ineffective and inadequate in dealing with the problem, players that are banned return under a new account within minutes and players that have been playing the game for years and who have spent countless funds on the game have been known to be banned without reason or rhyme.

As the game's population has been dwindling for some time now it has become increasingly harder for players to find games due to the matchmaking not being able to adequately match players up for games. The skill gap is incredibly large. You will sometimes be paired with new players that have just started the game or be thrown in with players that have clocked up thousands of hours on the game. This can make for very uneven, unfair matches which at the end of the day are just not fun and will make you feel like you are being punished to the point where you won't want to play anymore and will need to step away.

The grind is VERY real. To buy legendary weapons, new vehicles, weapon modifications, equipment upgrades or high quality kill themes and clothing you need a LOT of in game money. This means playing hours and hours of matches that are often unevenly team balanced, have cheaters in them or where players disconnect from your team leaving you to suffer an inevitable defeat. 

Furthermore the developers seem to just be in it for themselves, they do not communicate with their community and promise the earth yet they never deliver or what they do deliver is either broken as hell or a cash grab. Support will not provide support in most cases unless it's a sales issue where the company will profit. Free to play users can be ignored by support for weeks as priority is given to players that have spent money on the game. 

There has been many shady occurrences where Gamersfirst staff have offered to unban accounts that have been suspiciously banned without reason for a onetime payment. The amount of which also exceeds the amount of a full price title.

Billions of dollars have gone into making this game what it is today and it still feels unfinished and buggy. You can also be damn sure that the money that is spent on the game isn't going into making the servers any more stable. Servers can feel very laggy at times and this can affect your shots connecting with other players which can cost you the match. Ultimately it just feels frustrating when your shot connects with its target on your screen but on your opponents screen they didn't even see you fire and have already killed you.

The game is incredibly un-optimised. It has memory leaks and problems with the client's core coding. It requires a very high end PCs to even be able to keep a stable 30FPS even then you may encounter issues. Without playing the game on high settings everything becomes very washed out and bland and all player customisation is more or less lost. I have seen players ask on the community forums often about how to upgrade their computer to be able to play APB without issues. I would NOT recommend upgrading your PC to play this game. Upgrade it to play other, more complete and better games made by companies that don't just want what is in your wallet. There are developers out there that deserve your cash and that actually care about those playing their games.

[b]This is coming from someone who has been playing the game for 6 years, 2000 hours and who has spent over the same figure on in-game cosmetics, vehicles and weapons. Take your money elsewhere. This game will never get any better. Spend your hard earned money on a game that will be ultimately worth your time, money and respect. Do not give it to these crooks. They prey on players with addictive personalities and they do not respect you, they just want what is in your wallet and they won't stop until they have taken every penny.[/b]
Edit:
APB has been taken from G1 hands. While this is a step in the right direction, I will not be changing this review just yet. My hopes are high, I had fun with this game and hopefully, just hopefully, everything I complained about below will become obsolete.
__________________________________________________________________________
Beautiful Concept
Breathtaking Customization
Wonderful Missions
Makes you wish GTA had certain factors in this game.

BUT

It's gone, abandoned. Where's that new engine we were promised? Where's the balancing? Where's the f*cking game?

It's been almost a whole year since we got a steam announcment for anything regarding the game, and if theres any information regarding the game on the offical website and forums, they likely just added more P2W guns.

APB is dying a very slow death. It's gained a cult following for many goods reasons. But, the people at "Gamers First" seem to not give a flying f*ck about the people they so claim to put "first"

I had good times, I met some nice people, I even paid a pretty penny to get some loot from their store. But, that money is now in the pockets of greedy scumbags, not even putting a dollar foward to improving the game.

Just don't get it. It's got a P2W wall that can be easily climbed, but you might not like what's on the other side
                                                                       The Good, The Bad, The Ugly
                                                                                         |Review|


The good: 

If you love playing cops 'n robbers in various areas of a city, crashing into shops and stealing loot or arresting criminals and returning the stolen goods this game is for you. On top of that you have a VERY detailed customization system that will keep you occupied as well as composing music when you die to making detailed symbols and pictures.
A decent ammount of guns and equipment sets give you various different styles of gameplay and approaches to certain missions. If you want to take a break from the chaos of the city and just want to shoot people they have TDM maps where you can frag at your leisure. As one of my most played games in my library I found much enjoyment in this game and even though I go on hiatus from time to time I will find myself crawling back eventually.



The BAD: 

Its really a shame that Real time worlds (the original creators of the game) went bankrupt because they rushed a game that could of been something so much greater than what it is now. Even though it was brought back to life and handed over to some free to play company no one has ever heard of I was still glad it was given a second chance. From the start I had high hopes that GamersFrist would give this game some dignity and held that vision that some of the core developers of this game had. However even for as long as they have had the game you can't notice much change in the game itself. Yes they have events but its just mission events that really don't mean anything, its just regular missions painted in what ever holiday it happens to be. Also there used to be a good rapport between the GF and the gaming community. Maybe that has changed but since then but I left when we didn't hear a world from our devs and were swimming in problems...


The FRIGGIN' UGLY:

Of course free to play comes at a cost. How are they going to fund this game and create more content for the players and make this game better? Microtransactions. A concept on paper that really (at least in my opinion) seems harmless. But when a company MAINLY focuses on the content for thier in game shop you begin to see the true colors of what thier intent is. With little to almost nonexistant game updates, content and almost some new item every week in the in game store you can notice that either... 

A) someone is having money trouble
B) Cash cow circle jerk

This game to me was a work of art and gave me so much fun and enjoyment that I wish thier marketing schemes didn't get to me. If you think i'm bullshiting you just look at thier facebook account. THERE IS BARLEY ANY OTHER POSTS OTHER THAN ADVERTISEMENTS FOR THIER SHOP ITEMS. Zero bullshit go look...
All this makes the player not want to even log in... Its that obnoxious. But I get it, you got to make some money. But how about make the game more enjoyable, make the gamers keep coming back and of course they'll buy something. Don't pray on the very few people in your community that spends hundreds of dollars on in game items. 

THIS. IS. WHAT. MAKES. YOU. SO. DAMN. UNATTRACTIVE.

This was a major issue for me but other uglies include.

-low pop
-meh ranking system
-has been almost the same since beta.


Take it or leave it folks. Thumbs down but take a peak anyways. You might not care about the advert spam. Maybe its changed.
APB is a classic case of great concept done very poorly. After watching it "evolve" over time I have come to this conclusion about APB and its design. I will try to stay the concise points for easy reading.
-   Designed to promote negativity between players (yes the game is PVP however they make no genuine effort to promote teamwork and community building between players)
-   Missions are 50% easily one sided, 25% one sided based upon player tallents, and only 25% resonably balanced based on the objectives themselves.
-   Developement is focused more toward re-releasing the original game content for a cash fee than resolving long standing issues and design flaws.
-   They have been gradually improving the player threat system so it more accurately reflects a persons skill.
-   The one truly good feature for the game is the character and vehicle design system that allows a high level of customization of look by use of symbols.
-   Vehicle driving and performance is what you would expect from any game.
-   Gun mechanics are sloppy and often glitchy. They add unneeded features in a failed attempt to balance weapons.
-   Limited options for PVP play, you either do missions which have a standard theme or do Fight Club which is basically a moshpit of players killing players with a mission objective of some basic sort.
-   Developement has issues with breaking things when adding or making "improvements" slow to never fix issues and glitches.

Overall the game is poorly maintained, poorly developed, and has a good concept with a few nice features. It earns a 4 out of 10

**update 11/20/2015** READ THE AGREEMENT BEFORE YOU INSTALL!!! (all examples provided are paraphrased) Pando part talks about how they are not liable for anything that happens even if it is their fault. Punkbuster part clearly states they have full rights inspect the contents of your Hard Drive, RAM, etc while it is running and even take screenshots which they can use publically. Before that they state it is always running and updates without giving any notice to you which btw anyone who has installed APB before knows it installs a punkbuster windows service that runs all the time in the background unless you manually disabled it. That is but a small taste of what is in that agreement.. 

I WILL NEVER INSTALL APB AGAIN! I also advise for the safety of your PC and data that you also never install this game!
>Play APB
>Be Bronze
>Doing Ok, It's quite fun
>Get Silver Rank
>Ooh.mp4
>Start Mission
>Fight alone vs 4 gold ranked, almost naked women
>Lose
>Huh, That was wierd.
>Do another mission
>Same thing but this time they T-bag you when they kill you
>Keep joining missions and get completely destroyed by weebs, almost naked women, Buff black guys and/or People not wearing anything
>Level down to Bronze because of losing so much
>Have 1 fun game
>Back to cancer for 10 missions.

Why do Silvers, NEWLY TURNED silvers might i add. Why do they fight Golden ranked players? 

0/kfc manager
Four long years ago, when i first started playing, i wrote a review, basically saying this game will find what is wrong with your computer and profusely let you know about it.  To this day i still use this game to iron out driver kinks and test hardware for faults.  No clue why, but this game seems to be the best at letting you know whether or not your computer is worth its weight.  Still does too.

For now, i'm going to speak more into the game, more in depth on the content and world of APB:R, and its affects to real life issues.

The game is beautiful, and has so much potential, the world is still caughing up silly little secrets and jokes that even the most seasoned vet of the title has yet to discover.  There was a mobile app built that lasted roughly through beta, died out from the toxicity of the community, even though the community had actually asked for it.  If the players were more in tune to the forum than reactive to it, maybe some benefit could come of the game, instead we have vet players remaining silent as the community of fresh meat green horns play the game for a day and shape the future by speaking out on the forums.  There is a huge lack of communications, and slim to no community outreach program.  The changes made to the game that the vet players seem to dislike come from those who really do not know how to play the game in the first place.  OR, from those with computers that can't properly handle the game process.  I saw one person in the forum claim his Intel Pentium Dual Core was "Gaming grade" unfortuneatly, this is what we have to look forward to in the title that is APB:R.  Computer illiterate noobs, players who take the mentality of "be what you cannot be" too seriously, and a development staff just as toxic, though, not at all in the same way, the devs are just silent.

People don't realize how destructive silence really is, sure you can /ignore you're way through the community, but you're being no better than the person opening their mouth and showing how unintelligent they really are.

The game itself is a hacker, many people claim he/she is a hacker, but from what i've seen (and being called an aimbotter myself) the game is the hacker.  The one thing that really rubs my fur the absolutely wrong way, hit detection.  The devs really broke the game trying to fix that for the noob players who claimed they hit someone when they really shot the vending machine, in the building next door... they have such terrible aim, and no weapon control.  So the devs went and reworked hit detection, well guess what... now the game lags out every single time a bullet comes near an opponent (op) the frames drop, and the game registers a few hits, but since it lagged so hard the gun only fired 3 rounds, and the op decides to take advantage of this and shoots back.  The game has really become a mexican standoff for each mission, when i started playing there was such a thing as "Spray n pray" or "all out balls to the wall firefights" now, well now it's just depressing.

The game itself is the hacker...
This has lead me to assume that many players i've opposed were the hackers, which then in turn lead to my anger generation going sky high.  I have a roommate who refuses to speak to me or even be near me when i'm playing APB:R, i have a few friends online who cannot play the game anymore because of how angry they get.  Honestly speaking, i too have stopped playing the game due to the anger problem, and the level neglect the development team has given the game.  Seriously, i would not be phased if they shut down the game for the new engine to be completed and start up the game then!

The silence i spoke of earlier, and the neglect, and the game itself being the hacker...
This can all be fixed simply by disconnecting the power cord to their servers, focus on building the new engine and console version, then merging the account's content into the new engine, and voila! new engine released, community was kept up to date, and the devs weren't split over 9000 ways.  However, that would make sense, and as i've seen the devs don't listen to logic, they do their own special way of thinking, which is "take on the hardest, largest workload and pick highly unrealistic due dates, then completely ignore the dwindling community."  I've spent a couple hundred bucks on this game, i know others have too, there is NO shortage of funds preventing them from getting the job done, and their last post from a year ago made sense, true, it would take more time to hire someone new to aid in the development to train them on what does what, but honestly, i competent coder can see what the code is, what you want and make it happen.  Without complex tutorials teaching the guy how to code, without having to hold their hand, with a competent new hire coder, you give him a task, a due date, and you can bet that guy will bust his butt to make that due date, cuz he's the new guy, he's fired if he fails.  I'm not sure how that works when the boss has been so lax in the due dates for the game now, seeing as there is roughly just 5 people (claimed) to the company working on APB:R (and who knows what else from G1) they have devs taking vacations, devs spending company time playing the game on twitch.tv (effectively extending the new engine upgrade that much longer)

The company that handles APB:R aka "Reloaded Productions" or RP for short, is in a serious structure reworking.  They've become complacent in their duties, deadlines, and ability.

The base game though...
The game itself in a PvE perspective... as in, character customizations, customizations in general, and general concept, is absolutely perfect.  And when GTA:V launched it was BETTER than GTA:V by a long shot!  Though multiplayer wasn't really a GTA thing, it was modded into GTA:SA, which sparked the GTA:IV online aspect, which gave birth to GTA:O a concept that Rockstar Games didn't research on enough and flopped at launch, but they have since fixed it and so on...
Now if only RP can learn from Rockstar Games (RG) what it means to "fix" something.
I cannot stress this enough...
The devs at RP need to shut down APB:R and focus on the game engine only, fix that and start it up asap without split priorities, and THEN you can milk the dry cow for more money, or get a new cow and guarantee that milk will come.

This game currently has too many issues, and a super slow dev team, with an incompetent management system.
Are you interested in playing the game?  Wait, just wait.
Do i recomment you play the game?  Right now? god no, just wait until they launch the new engine.
Is this game worth it?  So long as the toxic community further poisons the minds of the Devs into ruining the game, no, not at all is this game worth a dime, the devs and managing staff need to learn who to listen to, before they make changes at all.
[h1]PROS:[/h1]

+ Customization is fantastic in this game, regardless if its clothes or guns, you can change very small details to make your character [i]feel[/i] your own.
+ As what on the outside looks like a generic Cops n' Robbers game, it actually is much deeper than just run and gun missions. There's a story behind each contact, and the relationships between the contacts begin to form as you rise through the ranks.
+ The weapons and clothing (no armor, per say) really do set you in the mood of a city that breeds anarchy and violence. It's depicted so well on the criminal's gear, wild and more punk looking. The Enforcers however, look very rough and beaten, but very strong.

[h1]CONS:[/h1]

- Connectivity issues are a huge problem when it comes to their servers. Regardless of what computer you're on, you still seem to lag out and drive right into a wall, or run right into a room full of baddies. Eventually coming back to full connection dead and respawning.
- Hackers. Oh my. Hackers. There are times when they get confused with people who pay to win, but I'll get to that. There are massive ban waves that the moderators do to wipe all hackers that they detect. However, it's an IP ban, which means simply changing your IP address will let you back in. I believe it's the three strike rule, and then your character is deleted from that game. Regardless, for every one good player there are two hackers, and they usually farm kills on low-level servers.
- The leveling system (Reputation/Threat). This system is flawed, I believe, as when you start out you get a letter "T" next to your name. This stands for Trainee, and that's where it ends. There is no closed tutorial, as you are learning from a menu that tells you what to do in the active game. No training wheels, kiddies, because you could go into matchmaking as a trainee and get paired against a gold or two, and be completely destroyed. This wouldn't be as frustrating as it is, if the system wouldn't go by threat level. It doesn't detect threat level until after 5-10 matches of pure hell and dying, which is what usually drives people away.
- Pay to Win. Finally, we're here. Considering this game is F2P, I was overjoyed when I first entered. I looked past my many starting matches and hoped that I would eventually find something that I could latch onto and love...I was wrong. The guns and outfits for normal players are nice, and take a while to get (A while is doing repetitive missions for the same contact until you unlock that tier), buying from the ARMAS Marketplace is 10x better. I played for 40 hours normal, and I was struggling at best on a Bronze server. Bronze. Only a step up from Green when are literally entering servers. I have a fully decked out character after spending $40 in the marketplace because everything is so overpriced. Overpriced weapons for overpowered players.

[h1]FINAL VERDICT:[/h1]

I really wish I could reccomend, but finally, I cannot because of the frustrating issues that this game not only displays as "learning the ropes and playing with a great community" but disagrees and actually begins to kick new players from parties who say anything bad about the community or the game.


[h1]**FYI REVIEW WAS RECENTLY EDITED FOR SPELLING ERRORS**[/h1]
EDITED 6/20/2018: New devs have my hopes up, until they resolve certain issues, this review will remain negative.

"Oh yeah, the engine version update will happen soon." ~2014
"Yeah, don't worry, soon." ~2016

tl;dr
-p2w
-low population (well not anymore as of 6/20/2018. Pop is now much higher)
-tryhards and hackers (hacker numbers have been reduced since implementation of BattlEye)
-toxic community
-lots of lag (continues to be a big issue)

Current state is pretty bad. Very addictive, but at the same time very bad. Devs seem to pump out more virtual things (microtransaction things, not free) than fixes to problems. Recently many legitimate players have been getting banned for "harrassment", and the overall active-player count has been falling. Items are insanely overpriced ($40 for a permanent virtual weapon? Come on, now), and new players usually don't stand a chance against "hardened" veteran players. Community is pretty toxic for the most part, and the game seems to be more frustrating than fun to play. Hackers are also common.
I was one of the players that played the beta of the original APB way back when you had to pay for a subscription. It died, passed on to another dev team, and all seemed pretty legit. I sank, as of this moment, 1,107 hours into this game. I really enjoyed it. It was *mostly* mindless fun, granted with a few exploits and a fairly toxic community, but I could handle that.

The customization is probably the best of nearly any game that exists, aside from the likes of Second Life. The ability to make decals, tattoos, edit basic features of your clothes, change some of the layering, and a slew of other things causes the customization to be the only highlight worth truly looking back on. However, this is a double edged sword. The sheer amounts of weeaboos and bronies that post their graffiti art of their favorite child anime characters or pony creature all over the damned place is nausiating. Now, don't get me wrong, I've put up some edgy stuff on the walls and such, but nothing as cringe as the stuff weeaboos and bronies post. This is sad as there are a few who have used the custom editor to make some SERIOUS works of art, but a lot of what's being thrown around is sheer cringe. If you can work to ignore this, then the customization is the best thing about this game and actually shines better than most other games with customization options.

The combat and driving are so similar in their shortcomings that I can lump them into the same paragraph. Both are there, both effectively do their job, but both are lacking. Despite having just enough depth to give a separation between the skilled and the killed the both of these aspects mostly seem more like a detailed framework that was never fully realized. The combat, however, has given way to a slew of hackers that exploit it for all its worth and make combat almost unplayable. Between the various wall hacks and aimbots used it's a wonder anyone attempts combat, except for the obvious fact that combat is required for progression. 

Missions are mostly repetative, though not without a mild amount of charm and replayability. Don't get me wrong, there's a LOT of different types of missions, but you almost ALWAYS get stuck with fetch missions and zone control of some sort, and the infamous "tug of war". There ARE missions you can do that strictly revolve around a criminal player who gets caught committing a crime, but generally these missions only consist of turning in the items for stolen loot and then laundering the cash recieved while the enforcers try and take said loot/cash in as evidence. It's a lost oppertunity for the players to really drive the missions.

The community is where the game really starts to fall apart. Everything about the combat, driving, and missions can actually be enjoyable enough to be excused, but then the community gets factored in and these three things get smashed into the ground. Even the customization, as mentioned, takes a turn for the worst thanks to the garbage community. People scream venom and vitriol with nearly every word, hackers are ripe and abundant and thanks to poor work on the devs' part they're fairly audacious about it, bronies, weeaboos, and other such aspects of the community make it absolutely abismal to deal with.

The last nail in the coffin, as briefly mentioned, are the devs. Now, you're probably thinking "What about the microtransactions?" and I would agree, but these can be lumped into the problems with the devs. They really only care about the cash flow. Granted, every game dev needs to worry about paying the rent but the methods used in this game are amongst the worst examples of how to gain cash from a Free-to-Play game. Various weapons, to include special weapons, can only be purchased with actual cash. You'll often hear people complain about a weapon referred to as the "Nano". This weapon can ONLY be recieved by essentially gambling with real money and it's a difficult weapon to get. Sure, there's now a auction function in the game that lets you get it but good luck with that. Players generally only auction off the more undesirable of weapons, sometimes even openly preferring if their enemies (and even allies) have bad weapons to make themselves look better by comparison. Now roll these special weapons in with the hackers and you get a nightmare. So now you have to pay money to even compete with players that might be cheating right off the bat. Next you have to consider that the customization I sang praises about has a serious issue: If you want to make things of high detail you HAVE to pay money for a "Premium" that allows you, for a certain amount of time, to gain the capability to make detailed pieces. Basically, if you want to be creative you have to pay extra for it and this is only good for a set period of time. Also, this premium time CAN expire when you're not playing. You WILL feel cheated. Then factor in that if you complain about the hackers, the pay-to-win aspect of the game, or even various bugs and such the devs effectively ignore you, or worse punish you for pointing it out. This is why I avoid their Facebook and their forums. The devs charge you to compete, to be creative, and if you complain about the game's issues they'll cut you off.

It's been said; this game has been on a decline since it came out. It started good but slowly rotted with time. This is a game I want to like and want to enjoy again, but it's really damned hard to do that with the current state of the game, the autism of the community, and the mindset of the developers.
Played APB from beta to bankruptcy and beyond.  There's a fun game at it's core, but it's buried under pay-to-win, rampant cheating, and normalized toxicity.
EDIT: i decided to edit this review, as i feel it doesnt reflect the game on its current state anymore although some points are still the same  

 The 1st thing is that, gamers1st, the company that killed this game no longer exists, its been bought( and essencially dismantled) by a company called LittleOrbit, so you might ask yourself "oh man, this game will get good now!" well.... lol lets talk about what they have done as of february 27 2019:
 
 -They added player to player trading(exelent feature, denies scammers which were a common thing)
 -They added more lootbox guns, one which (in my opinion) is the pinacle of... RNG to win? i would say p2w but the odds on those things arent the best (unless you know the RNG increase trick) what gun is it? a secondary shotgun revolver, it isnt as strong as a primary shotgun, but it defo is a shotgun still, in hands of a deece player its anoying to deal with 
 -Anti cheat seems to have massively improved(or all the cheaters got bored and left, blatant ones at least), sometimes i still see players that MAYBE hack, the few times i saw that i was like "hmmmm...." it wasnt anything blatant as back in the day, likely just good players 
 -They promised some engine updates and more overall content but... if the trend keeps going, its going to be money locked stuff

 Overall the anti cheat(if im correct) improvement and player to player trading are a massive improvement, the anti cheat alone id ALMOST recomend the game... almost, now to the original review

Short answer: with friends? yeah its fun, without them every match is a 50/50(loss/win chance) (more a 30/80 but lets be optimistic) and really not worth playing unless youre into bad games

 Long answer: you may have noticed i got a quite a bit of hours in this game, thats because i used to play almost in a daily basis with a group of friends, most of them stopped playing after a while but i still get some fun out of this steaming pile of shit sometimes
  
Overall its very new player hostile, you will get farmed pretty much by vets, it happens all the time that max lvl high threat (gold 255) characters face new players as it is even close to being fair, your only option really is to try your best and eventually get to their level (of skill) so then you can properly play the game
 Hacking is almost a meme at this point, the ones that do hack dont even hide it anymore, fair fight and punk buster are really not doing their job, i dont understand how anti hack programs work, but people shooting you through walls, insta locking aim to 3 diferent people on 3 diferent sides and straight up tanking damage its imposible to survive even with high survivability modifications seems... hacky no? so why they still play? to cut off a long unnecesary history there is this  ahem, alegation that g1 themselves sells hacks for 40 USD a month
 This is just an example of many guns but, do you like shotguns? like pump action shotguns, theyre cool right? yeah so... the free version, called JG its pretty crap, its max effective range is like 8m (not joking) past that youre better of throwing rocks at your enemi- BUT WAIT! THE ARMAS MARKETPLACE GOT YOU A CSG 20! A SHOTGUN THAT ACTUALLY WORKS FOR REAL LIFE MONEY!!! the only thing they wont sell you for money is a bazooka (they used to, but not anymore) now, an argument most people will say is "oh but, with the certain ammount of skill there is no such thing as pay to win in this game" and yeah, thats true i used to say that myself a lot, but the game on its current state(lets get to that later) its really not worth playing so much to the point youre a living aimbot anymore
 Population is scare, i think there is around 500 active players total in each US server or something like that, its been so bad that if you want to level a contact in a certain district its 50% chance there is no one there, you can only properly level up if youre a silver threat or bellow, as a gold player youre forced with the blatant hackers and guys that says got over 10k hours in their game(i dont doubt them, but sheesh...) 
 If you want to make money create yourself a criminal character, they are allowed to mug civilians and break stores for ram raiding, i made myself around 700k from 2h of ram raiding for 7 days (its really boring tho) this is atm the most efective way of making money in the game unless youre a living aimbot, be it the good or the bad way, enforcers only advantage is sweet cars really
 
 You still here? well lets talk about the positives then

 The customization is extremely deep, just google it a bit and you will see some very crazy characters, that is mostly due to the game symbol creator that allows you to create pretty much anything making the posibilities almost endless (if youre a free player, you are slighty limited, but with premium its really sweet) stuff from medieval knights to IRL celebrities, let your imagination go wild and you wont regret it, however it is a bit of a pain to learn how to properly use the symbol creator, i learned it because i was pretty bored one day lol
 Gameplay its actually really nice, there is overall 2 to 3 guns for every gun class, every single one of them feeling diferent, like for snipers you got yourself the heavy hitting but also heavy to carry HVR (.50 cal), if you want a more stealth aproach (its silencer doesnt actually work lol) you can try the DMR, a semi auto sniper rifle OR ON ARMAS MARKETPLACE A N-HVR HAVING THE 2 HITTING CAPABILITES OF THE HVR WITH THE MOBILITY OF A CRAZED BUNNY!, most of the guns tend to be diferent from each other, the starter gun STAR is one of the best of the game (but as youre starting you really dont know too well how to use it, because youre new)
 Customization doesnt only aply to clothes, but also on cars , many IRL iconic vehicles have passed through this game already (way too many general lees) sometimes you get to see some cars that only makes you wonder how the F he did that, but in cars its a bit diferent... you see, if you want to say swap your hummer (in game called pioneer) bumper for a bigger one then well... DOSH! only certain vehicles got free parts for you to swap, however the thing is, the cars that allow you to do that are some of the best of the game, at the end of the day this wont limit you gameplay wise at all, but only in fashion
 Progression is quite good (when there is people playing on the server you need), when you get close to level 195 and close to 255 it will get much slower, but overall level rewards tend to be quite good, mostly the 195 and 255 ones as they will give you free premium clothing (that you cant customize but still looks pretty good tbh) and give/unlock certain special guns and mods  to you that even if you may not know how to use them like the bazooka, its just fun to have a big boom maker you know? 

 Some of my best memories are from this game, i was taught all i know from speaking and reading english on this game, when i started i barely knew a single word but today i guess im not bad, i know there is some grammar erros here and there but i hope it was posible for you to understand what i wrote
 
 This game once had the potential to become something wolrd wide famous, but every single game that G1 touches becomes a mess, no exeptions, at this point i really hope that the game will close, so it can rest in peace and not have its putrified pieces tied with duct tape running anymore
Honestly I loved this game and the fact it's quite  different from the games like it, but direction it's gone and stays in is awful. 

For starters the game has so much content to buy and such little free content to offer that it's almost like you have to buy some things to actually have fun. That's just my opinion and it could be different.

Then there's the fact that Gamersfirst can't even update the games graphics cause they can't understand how RTW's coding so instead they release "new" guns, that are basically reskins of guns currently in the game, and cars. There's been no engine update and there's been no added content to the game so the only replay value you get is when you reroll a new character and do everything all over again.

On top of all the game is pretty much dead, it's the same people every time you log on and most of them sit in social district and do nothing, which isn't a bad thing, it just shows how boring other district content is, even the holiday events are boring. People just suck it up cause (just like every year) they want the reskinned clothing or a few original articles of clothing. 

I have a lot of time on this game though. It's addictive and was fun at times, but I kept finding myself complaining about the large amount of cons this game has rather them seeing the few pros. 

I love the customization options this game has and I enjoyed making and customizing cars and clothes, on top of just the art and theme making people did. This game has a place in my heart but it really disappoints me that it's just a graveyard of what it once was.

 I feel like G1 should sell the rights to this game to the highest bidder and let a development company that can afford to create content or just give an entire overhaul to the game a chance to breathe life into the game because it desperately needs it. If not, more than likely this game will just die out and we'll have to wait for something like APB to come out again and just move on.

EDIT 11/21/18: I'm hoping Little Orbit's developers can breathe life into this game, though I'm currently not getting my hopes up for anything until I see it for myself.
Game was great when it came out. Years came and went, and G1 turned this game into a complete and utter shithole. Wouldnt recommend to anyone given the current state of the game. 1 sided missions, an extremely toxic community, devs who simply dont care about anything besides making money, I could go on for days. Honostly im surprised Gamersfirst is still around, all they can manage to do is destroy games. RIP APB and Fallen Earth.
To make this short:
I played this a few years ago, and had a blast. Elistist were few and in between, Game mechanics were nice, Customization was awesome.
I tried picking it up again, hell, put 20 more hours into it, but I can't get past the Huge, absolutely Huge elitist base it has now. As a silver, it would make sense to be on a server that is meant for silvers (A silver server) and fight people at roughly my skill level, as that's how the rating system goes. However, Max Rank (255, I'm 96, takes about an 2-3 hours a rank) Gold players with over 2000 hours of playtime are your only constant enemies. They claim that they can't fill their own servers so they play on our silver, when they have a gold server dedicated to them, but In truth they just want to waste their lives away absolutely stomping anyone trying to enter the fanbase of this game.
The greatest curse is not the pernament weapon p2win, but it's the community devouring itself with inbalance of skill. 

If you knew you would lose absolutely every single game, why would you bother staying in the game? That's this games motto. The Golds act like Jerks to everyone, with heavy elitist attitudes, and are unstoppable because they have 1000% (literally) more game time then you do. There's no reason to play or join into the game because you can not win no matter what you do. On top of that, They complain because the fanbase is dwindling in numbers (about 100-200 people on at once, which is very small,) and in that, they justify their mad stomping out of weaker, much less experienced players.
This game deserves to be condemned and shut down because of it's terrible Elistist structure.

To summarise before I begin: No.

The game cannot stand from the bloody, mangled mess it is in now. 

A small player base which consists primarily of people with similar gametime to mine steal all the fun and prevent new players from being properly introduced to the game. The reason being that new players have almost no chance of beating a good, long-term player and are forced to fight against them because of the small amount of new players and poor matchmaking. 

Many people complain about an "abundance" of hackers, I believe it is simply players that are too fast and familiar with the game for newbies. Doesn't mean it will be a good, fun or balanced experience though.

The gunplay is very fast and unbalanced and requires an itchy trigger finger, high situational awareness and map familiarity to win, so be warned, shooter conservationists.

The new weapons that are being released are typically only able to be purchased with real money. (You're talking $30 to $50 for a permanent, account-wide weapon.) These weapons are considered Pay-2-Win, although I find that every weapon is bad, until it is placed into the right hands. Especially shotguns.

I believe the game only shines through it's beautiful customisation, allowing players to create amazing, intricate articles of clothing, cars and player models. People's creations in the game could even be seen as a form of art. 

However, despite this feature's potential, it simply asks too much from the real-life financial standpoint. Free-To-Play players are restricted to very small amounts of customisation and even people that spend stacks of cash on the game are forced to simplify their creations for inevitable reasons like hardware constraints and server storage limits.

I do not recommend this game at all, unless you have LOTS of cash to splash and/or are feeling compelled to play it for whatever reason... You have been warned.
Played for so long, for so many years. Hated and loved the game. Wasted money. I was pretty much addicted to it so to say. So so many great memories.
And then one day, out of the blue, G1 simply decided to ban me... For "hacking" apparently, after I was desperately trying to get any information on why was my account banned.

I despise hacking, never used anything that could gain me unfair advantage over other people, in fact, I was probably one of the worst players ever in the history of APB. And they just block my account after so many hours poured into this game. Now I despise G1 too.
Some may surely thought I was cheating and reported me many times. They were just hating on me because they lost that one match against our team, and frankly I did the same. That's APB community for you. Most of it is just toxic as hell.
You may think the same, that I was, in fact, just a newb cheater who got banned and is now just crying. You would be an ignorant person, giving into preconceptions.
I just don't give a flying damn anymore.

I simply hope that, one nice bright day, this cancerous, piss poor example of a company goes bankrupt, sooner than later. And a more capable one brings back the "Real" APB from its ashes. Then I might enjoy a great game again.

I also see they are now heavily scamming people out of their money, or at least trying to. Pathetic, ridiculous. This is madness (leave Sparta out of this).

APB now is just a broken, desecrated shell of its former self, all thanks to this money hungry, loathsome bunch that is G1. GamersFirst, as in, the poor gamers are the first to get ripped off of their precious time, feelings, and money.

Until the day comes when G1's just an unpleasant thought or even less; Don't waste any of your aforementioned properties on this slowly and steadily dying game.
I wish I could tell you that this game is amazing. The overall concept behind this game and the competitive aspect is AMAZING. I love it. 

The customization you can do in this game is something I have never seen nowhere else. EVERYONE can be unique in their way, you can literally customize any piece of clothings and cars you have, and there are PLENTY of clothes available.

The missions are repetitive but they're still very enjoyable. Some maps can give an advantage to an opposite team, but that's not the biggest issue.

Every gun classes has their pros and cons, and each of them can be used in different situations. Heck, even the different classes of grenades have different uses. 

You can put "perks" for your character and your gun which will give you some bonuses-maluses depending on what you prefer. 

Now that this has been said...

GamersFirst is a really shit company that doesn't care about either its playerbase neither their game in general. Their goal is to make as much money as possible while you're still playing their fucking game until you're out of it.

Each and every time they release a new weapon it will most certainly be incredibly unbalanced for at least 4-5 months, so that the players will be so tempted to buy the damn gun. Buying guns permanently in this game costs A LOT of money, and it's even more retardedly expensive if you want it on more than one character. Oh, and since it's a new gun you'll have to pay some more.

The matchmaking system is retarded. If you're gold, most of the time the servers will force you to go in a gold server but nobody plays in those, so they either go in silver servers and ruin silver's days OR they derank on purpose so they don't have to deal with that. That is, until they win a lot of games because they're obviously much better than actual silvers so they rank up to gold again, so they want to derank... You can easily see why it can become a major issue in the meta.

Some missions are very unfair to one of the team. Depending on the mission, sometimes the enforcers are way way in favor, and vice versa.

Oh and the anti-cheat system. It can take a while before it does something and sometimes it can ban people that weren't cheating. Meanwhile there's a retard teleporting everywhere and plowing everyone in the server.

Honestly, I think the concept is so beautiful and could be so much better. I'm waiting for another company or group of people to steal APB's main concept and actually put their love and soul into a new game that will be better than this one.

GamersFirst. Such a shitty, shitty company.
GTA MMO? Nope.

This game, is terrible... like where do I even start? Pros and cons? 

Pros: 
 - Amazing character/vehicle customization
..... that's it.

Cons: 
 - 32bit engine
 - pay 2 win 
 - Toxic community
 - skimpy anime fettish
 - Mute developers
 - Hackers
 - More hackers
 - ... and some more hackers

Don't believe me? Have a look how many they ban pr. day at ffbans.org

The amount of hackers in this game is insane! I'm honestly starting to believe that it's the developers that sell hacks to their own game and then ban people after a few weeks. 

This is from an actual ingame experience:

Like, I was teamed with this guy and we were up against a enemy hacker. I call him out and then my teammate says that he is ALSO hacking. Like, what the f*ck? So I ask him, how come the enemy hacker is able to kill him all the time and then he responds with "Well, he probably bought the expensive high tier hacks". So then I ask him, why he hacks? And he says honestly it's because everyone else does it, so it's the only way to stay competitive. 

I even ask if he isn't afraid to get banned? And he replies that this is like his 20th account and that he only toggles hacks, so he should be good for another week. Like.... what.... the actual.... FFFFFFFFFFFF********

So if you want to play this game, you gotta whip out your fat wallet and do the following: 
 - Buy the top tier expensive hacks
 - Play against other hackers
 - Get banned after 1-8 weeks
 - Create new account
 - Repeat


Stay.... the hell.... away .... from this game!!!
I know some of you are going to look at this and think, 2200 hours + and a negative recommendation, come on man, but please hear me out.  I've been playing this game for a very long time now and have came to the ultimate conclusion that, yes, hackers rule all of APB, it "IS" Pay 2 Win, and Gamers First will not do anything about it ever!

Now, here are the reasons:

1)  Hackers are their primary source of income.

Need I say more?

Most of these guys that are hackers are little rich bleep nozzles who aren't good and instead of actually trying to get good, they buy hacks, and if I wasn't wiser, they're probably purchasing the hacks directly from the same people who run the freaking game.

I know this all sounds strange.  But over the years I've played this, I've noticed so many hacks I didn't even know that many have existed.  Walls, Aimbot, Lag Hacks, you name it, its in APB or has been.

And whats even funnier, oh ya'll are gonna love this.... The hacks seem to change out every couple of months or so.  Its like they're on a subscription plan to hack!  I have little doubt of that.

Now, if you throw money at this game, it helps you out dramatically.  I use to think that, well, you can get these guns in the game with in game currency if you just play for long enough, but no... no, no, no, nooooo, this is not true.  For example, you can buy an OCA with in game currency, however, if you use money to purchase an OCA Whisper, well, its about 3x better of a weapon from what I've experienced when using it.

I know some of you hackers, trolls, and others are going to downvote this, but w/e, it is what it is.

There are some things that make this game good, dont get me wrong.  I think when it was first developed they had "some" good intentions.  I'm not sure how far those good intentions go however.

The good things about APB are, the customizations in the game are 2nd to none.  Highly customize your car, your body, your clothes, even create songs and themes.

Another good thing is all the events that they hold.  I really like that and I wish other games would do it more often.  For example, they have a Halloween event, xmas event, and lots of others all throughout the year.  Also they do special events.  For instance, they just had an event where if you get so many kills a day, you unlock 20 Joker Mystery Boxes.  It was cool.

Now, this is where the good things stop.

Ok, so one thing about the Joker Mystery Boxes, they hold special permenant weapons that you can unlock, however there is a slim chance of getting one.  Actually, a way way way way way too slim of a chance of getting one.  I unlocked 60 Joker Mystery Boxes and didnt get 1 permenant weapon.  60!

I feel bad for people who spend money on this game that dont hack honestly.

I feel bad for people who spend money on this game period.  At least until Gamers First does something about the horrible hacking community they have in APB.  Which, from the looks of things, they're never going to do anything about.  Because like I said, refer to point 1) in the beginning of this review.

It all makes sense.  They say, oh we implemented Fair Fight and that will take care of the hackers in APB.  Yeah, well, Fair Fight only gets rid of the blatent hackers, the ones that skip all over the map... shoot a lot faster.... and get 30 kills and 0 deaths contantly.  Problem is, theres so many more hackers that go undetected by Fair Fight, and most never get caught.  And I'm guessing for good reasons too.

I really have had some good times in APB, but there's been way more bad times than good I can say.  Mainly fighting the hackers.  I just got out of APB and every match was against hackers, I mean come on, all I want is a decent match without hackers, is that so much to ask for?

One more thing, this game has lagging unlike any other.  I'm not sure why, or how its possible that this is the "ONLY GAME" that lags like this, but its really annoying.  I sort of feel like the hacks have a big part to do with it honestly.  I think the hacks are actually coded into the software itself and it compensates for them through lag to make up for the time.

Anyways.

If you're new, welcome to Hackworld.  If you don't hack, I wouldn't even waste your time like I have unfortunately :(

Also, as a side note, the APB community is the absolute worst community I've ever experienced in the history of gaming.  Absolute Worst!

All the legit players that I know wish and hope that this game will come around and that the hackers will be all gone and dealt with one day, but honestly, I just dont see that happening.  They've made their choice.  And instead of fixing that, they shove out more things for people to buy on the marketplace.  Its disgusting really.

If they would just get rid of the hackers, this game could really shine and be a legitimately fun game that thousands of people would spend hours enjoying with their friends.

I'll continue to play this game until I get all the achievements, which isn't far from now, and also my criminal to 255, which is not far off.  But after this, I won't be seeing much of this game anymore until Gamers First decides to actually do something about their disgusting community of hackers, trolls and the sorts.

If you'd like a list of [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamesyouabsolutelymusthave]Games You Absolutely Must Have[/url], check out our group here on Steam and we'll be happy to show you some alternatives to this mess.
Hello there I played apb now 6 years and its a realy good Game
U can be creativ in this game show ur skills and yeah realy nice at all but.....
I give a bad review about it couse the Publisher from APB ( Gamerfirst ) just want one thing "Money"
if u have some questions or maybe u get a problem whatever it is.... They dont care about 
and well whatever u do even u play on legit way and traded fair u recieves a bann 
thats were i beware off, The publisher dont check something they just bann 
its sad to see that such a nice game have such bad Publishers ( Gamerfirst ) 

The publisher says New engine comes out and what happend ? nothing
The publisher present a new summer event.... what happend ? RIGHT nothing

i got banned in this game for no reason and if u writed support i got auto. msg as always they dont want talk about and give a fuck of the player who got banned no proofs nothing 
so do urself a favor if u want play this game:

Play this game but dont pay any cent 

Have a nice day 


I figured I'd finally comment on this.
I loved this game, I really did. It was especially awesome being able to customize so spectacularly.
Editting both your cars and  your characters was truly something remarkable for a game of it's calibur. But the gameplay was ... Eh, about as you'd figure judging by the theme of the game.

The game is full of repetition, and although most games are, I can certainly say that one can suffer burnout especially as time has progressed and the community in the game became more toxic. To the point of interrupting missions because they had it out for you. Granted, it has been a while since I have played so perhaps they have changed the fact that people can slam their car into you if they manage to hunt you down in game. Maybe now you just slip past each other. I doubt it.

This game ran smoothly when it first was being operated under G1 and I was not there for the previous iteration when the game was first released at all so I'm going by what I noticed. They made some changes, understandably, but over time this caused the game to run differently. To look different as well, in comparison to when I first played. The optimization that was with it had been altered, and it became obvious they started to shift the game completely. 

I don't hate them for trying to change how the game was compressed or whatever to entice more people to come play the free game. What I do hate, though, is that last I knew, this game hasn't been updated graphically (as they've chimed they would for years, my god it's a wonder they even put it out on the Ps4), and the gameplay hasn't been worked on since the original company died other than adding recoil. Oh and of course the botters, who don't seem to recieve enough of a punishment.

Last I played, they were getting hit again with a ddos and once again people were just getting tired and quitting.

TLDR:
Game plagued by bad choices, toxic community, bots/hackers, lots of micro-stutter due to loading of compressed files, dated graphics and mediocre gameplay
Game wins at customization of clothes, character and cars 

In closing, I would only recommend this game if you have had the ability to tolerate other super toxic communities. Good luck to you.
Pros:

-Best character customization in any game
-Many cars
-100 people districts
-Fight clubs for constant action

Cons:

-Shit load of hackers/Triggerbotters
-Heavily pay-to-get worthy things but not necessarily pay to win because most ARMAS guns are reskins
-Bad graphics
-Bad optimization
-Matchmaking is garbage
-Big health pools that favor central europeans mostly when it comes to ping so they kill you fast even if you hit them first and with more bullets
-Small development team and a very greedy one. They do not even have an animator even though they made millions through ARMAS
-Not new content since 2011
-Not solo-friendly
-Not really a way to make big profits other than being a talented designer.
-Silvers must play with golds because of the ridiculously low population
-Combat is shit, hit the head or the legs, same thing.
-Not really any new content announced for the future

I spent way to much time and money on this game for nothing. Constant cheaters. The creators promised improvements such as an engine update. They have yet to bring updates. They only create new weapons trying to bring in money
Great concept!, Great Interface, Great Game!

BUT

I've never seen anything like this from the customer service... Good Lord, Wow... Never used the cheat program or any sort of cheating method for this game. I was the very few one who actaully enjoy the game when people say this game is dead or not. 
Guess what happened.. me spending nearly 300 hrs on the game and spending 100 bucks on the game... All Gone, I don't even know why, I was trying to contact the support several times to make sure I wasn't the one to use the hack and my account shouldn't be blocked. Third time they said copy & paste message "your account is banned permanently" without a single detailed explanation on my case.

Well

I guess I quit this game forever.

Thank you for the good times, hope you relize that you just lost a royal customer.
APB 2012 Veteran with a level 255 gold enforcer and a 180-190 rank Crim. I know what I'm talking about. I have about 400 hours on my main steam account followed by about 1000-1200 on my G1 Launcher account. A good 400-500$ down the drain unfortunately 

The Cons / Game Breakers / 90% of this game

- The worst matchmaking I have EVER seen in my life is ANY game. I've seen two silvers ( noobs ) with probably about 50 hours combined with a gold with maybe 70-90 hours at most ( At most, 190 hours combined ) go against 3 golds with over 8000 hours combined.
I'm just speechless.

- Cancerous community. The most common type of cancer among the shithole of San Paro is no doubt griefers 
" The best way to avoid the cancer is to become the cancer " -  a fellow anonymous San Paro enforcer

- The last 15 fucking updates taking place once a month have been Joker Boxes or an Arma$$ marketplace update

- I wouldn't mind spending 1-5$ for a gun reskin, 10$ at most for a super cool gun skin.. but they're fucking 40$ FOR ONE. EVERYTHING on the fuckin marketplace is overpriced. Admitedly they ARE cool though. It gets quite annoying when the last 15 updates in a row have been simply paid 40$ reskins of guns.

- Corrupt developers. Proof : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtrxikKHAe8

- Shitty optimization, however most mid- high spec computers wont have problems ONLY because this game is old.. no other reason. the code is an absoulute disaster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrJ0qw3mDDc

- No updates

- Graphics have progressively gotten worse since 2010. They were a bit outdated in 2010, and here we are; 5 years later with even worse graphics then the outdated 2010 ones...

- The most amature developers who break something while trying to fix another

- No events. The few " events " are absoulute crap and I wouldn't even consider them to be events.

- Hackers. Even with Punkbuster and Fairfight, Punkbuster has not detected new / recoded cheats for a good 2 years now  unless it has been detected since then on and not updated. Punkbuster NEEDS to go and has GOT to be replaced by VAC or BE. Fairfight on the other hand.. it's a bit controversal and I'm still on the fence about it. Some people claim they need to turn it up and start banning more, but then they complain about too many legits getting banned. They do need to turn up what it takes to get flagged, especially against higher  ranked " edgy " players, but at the same time, they also need to be more careful with who they ban. 

- The servers :  Probably fixed now, but servers are sometimes laggy and crash. They had no DDoS Protection before and it was nothing short from nightmare. Every 15 minutes, the server would get DDoS'ed and crash. Absoulutly unplayable.

- The population is declining ( For good reasons, this game just needs to die )

- Grindy as fuck after level 140

- They can't properly balance guns even though the balance is OKAY

- Too many broken promises. Been waiting for over 2 and a half years for an " engine " update and console release.. Let me break it to you.. this wont come around for ATLEAST another 12 months. Who knows where this game will be in 12 months? The community doesn't know for sure since we rely on G1 to tell us, and the truth is G1 has gotten their heads so far up their ass to even tell for themselves. Everything they'ved promised us has been broken. Hey G1 remeber about that racing district? LOL

- G1's infamous money making startegy - Make an OP Gun and wait 8 months to nerf it after you made the big bucks. Then, a couple months down the road have a fair balanced game ( gun balance wise ) what it should have been in the beginning, but then you nerf the DECENT in game cash guns, and release an OP Armas real life cash gun. Rinse repeat rinse repeat etc

The pros : 

- The gameplay is admitedly fun. I like the mission objectives even though they are 90% of the time unbalanced, random, casual, and EXTREMELY repetitive.

- Customization. So hard to explain how good this is.

- Is not pay2win. I'm a bit skeptical about it since itt's grindy as hell, and I feel like theyre sorta leaning towards that direction since they have been releasing exclusive guns but it isn't that much of a big deal since theres only about 10 of them and the rest are reskins and they're not OP Other then the troublemaker which has been nerfed AFTER 8 MONTHS.
In my book, a game is pay2win if they offer you guns that aren't avaible with in game currency, but honestly this is an exception. this game is not pay2win. 

Overall this game is like a 4/10: 
If it wasn't free, had bad customization, this game would easily be a 2/10.
ONLY Play this game if you yourself are a hacker looking for an easy game to hack or are willingly putting yourself up for a stroke. There is nothing good in this game other then the customization, which even if youre an artistic person, Please don't do it PLEASE. You'll be much happier drawing then putting up with the endless, frustrating grind to unlock decent customization without emptying your wallet. By emptying your wallet, I don't mean 20$, I mean 300-400$

-Update 1/8/2016- I got banned until January 21st, 2016 because I POLITELY asked a GM twice if nudity symbols were allowed. The first time he ignored me, so I asked again and then he banned me saying he was going to give me time to think about spaming next time. He's very professional indeed; what makes him even better at his job is the fact that he was playing with a blatant aimbotting Shaw on his team ( 180 degrees snaps, never missing, 20-0 on his first game on that account ) and admit he knew he was 100% cheating, however told us to let FairFight handle it, and yet here we are 3 days later and he is still aimbotting unbanned.
All round a decent concept, but on the other hand a complete and utter fail in pretty much everything. The super slow progression for new players makes it very hard for them to stand a chance or even enjoy the game. It is P2W, anyone that says otherwise has likely put a few grand into the game already. The ranking teir system that is suppose to help break up the newbies from the vets is trash and is easily broken so in the end it may as well not even be there. My biggest issue is grenades.. like seriously if you get hit by a grenade you're dead.. no if and or buts, but in this game players litterally can live 3 full blasts from them. As a vet player im sure you do enjoy the game, but this is not a game you come to as a new player if you want to enjoy yourself (unless you have a few hundred dollars laying around that you can blow). After that being said it really has a feel that the devs have not played the game in years and couldnt give a sh!t because the vets that do play spend more than enough for them.
Hours upon hours spent in the customisation menu's enjoying creating the clothing and designing the cars that I used in-game. The customisation was probably the best part of it, unfortunately at a younger age I felt like pouring my money into it was a good idea. It really is a pay-to-win game, all the best weapons cost real money. Lots of frustration involved when dealing with hackers. I wouldn't spend time on it unless you've got friends to play it with. Just don't give in to the very tempting scheme of purchasing clothing items and vehicles when it's really not worth it. Honestly don't know how I spend 500 hours in it, it's very repetitive and quite boring. If you're in it for customising stuff, go for it. It's a lot of fun in that respect but for the firefights and gameplay, it's very simplistic and outdated.
APB is a very...complicated game. Do you want to become a criminal, and just go to town on a city full of innocent people with riches worth taking, and start massive riots against the police and government? Do you want to be a peacekeeper, and  maintain order in a broken city by breaking criminal operations and protecting the innocent? Then what the F*** are you doing playing APB Reloaded? This game is NONE of what it looks like on the surface. After putting more hours than I'm ever thought I would, I can say I can make a worthwhile review.

Let's weigh the Pro's and the Con's

Pro's:

*The game, for a free-to-play, is very good looking. The graphics as far as shadowing and detail goes are top-notch.

*The Character Customization is outstanding. You can literally make whatever you want, within reason. But this can also lead to some bad stuff. See Con's for more info.

*The game has regular seasonal events for Easter, Halloween and Christmas. These game modes, sans Easter, are mainly in the Arena "Fight Club" mode where certain things have been changed to fit the season. The Christmas one is especially good.

*The game has a very large variety of guns, but more can be said about this in the Con's.

*The game does offer variety to activities depending on the faction that you choose. Criminals can do different things than Enforcers and vice-versa

*There are several instances to play in, so you never really feel left out.


Con's:

*The game is a powerhouse to run. Most PC's won't even be able to handle it, and the "low" settings don't really help. Most people have to use community made mods to lower the settings down even further than the game allows just to play it. That isn't entirely something that's in GamersFirst's control, but the idea that an outside party mod has to be active for some people to even play is a bit offputting.

*The game has seriously unstable connection problems. Countlessly, you will be lagged out of districts, and while you're in the server, you will be bouncing all over the place trying to get a grip on where you're going, only to shoot back several rooms because the server couldn't keep up. This is a glaring issue, and only exacerbates other problems.

*One such problem includes actually landing shots on enemies. This game has some of the most inconsistant damage I've ever seen in a game, and the shot registration is abysmal. You will find yourself losing gunfight after gunfight simply because the other person is better connected to the server than you, or his gun suddenly does more damage than before. Sometimes, your gun will kill someone in 4 shots, and the next person you shoot takes 9-10 shots to put down. This whole game can be summed up as "Inconsistant." That's the bottomline.

*Just because there's a lot of guns, doesn't mean they're all different. There are a lot of guns that function exactly like other guns. The Joker Carbine acts just like the STAC-10. The NTEC acts just like the AR-15. This doesn't even touch on the Snipers. Quite literally, the guns are recycled and released to the public for actual money, where they act just like the last gun they sold. This one just looks different.

*There is a large pay-to-win gap in this game. Most guns can be earned in-game, and some guns can even be made permanent. However, most of the time, you'll be renting leased weapons, and these will only last up to 7 days. Some guns you have to actually pay to make them permanent. This is also an issue in the "Premium" system, where if you pay for a set amount of time, you gain more money and experience toward your standing. While this isn't too bad and is nowhere near as bad as some other games doing this, it's still a bit unfair to the people just getting into the game.

*The game is very confusing at first, and there is no good tutorial. The way it works is, when you start, you have to gain up reputation with certain people to gain rewards, raise your standing with them to get more rewards, and to increase your threat. The higher your win/loss ratio in missions is, the better your threat is. The three primary tiers are Bronze, Silver, and Gold. There are also ranks within that. Nowhere in the game is this explained to you, or at least explained well. You will have no idea what you're doing for a long while.

*The game has horribly unbalanced matchmaking. More often than not, you will be pitted against people who are far better armed, skilled and familiar with the map than you are, and you will be shut down again and again, because the game will refuse to give you people around your  level. Your reputation, Threat, or overall level does not affect who you will get matched up against. I have seen Bronze players go up against Gold players and get utterly annihilated. This kind of thing is far from fair.

*The game has one of the absolute worst communities I have ever seen on a MMO, no, a GAME before. The people on this game range from little kids screaming about how bad you are in the chatbox, to grown men whining and complaining about weapons and tactics you're using. And GOD HELP YOU if you're a Bronze or a Silver on this game. To be a Gold, is to be the scum of the earth in most cases. Golds constantly and consistantly berate Silvers and Bronzes for the most mundane of reasons, and will go out of their way to make your time on this game as unpleasant as possible. Very few people will actually answer any questions you have about the game while playing, and are more likely to make fun of you for not knowing than just telling you. This Con is the most deciding of why this game just isn't worth the time.

*Because of the community being as disgusting as it is, this brings up a very big issue in the Character Customization. With the massive scale in which you have control over your character, comes every negative you can think of to compromise it. You will constantly see fat black men with giant, often neon colored, afros in limited to almost no clothing at all running around, or you may even see Adolf Hitler running around. This is also a problem with the fact that the naming system for your characters is unrestricted, so racial and offensive names are abundant. For every good costumed character running around, there's a "TyroneFriedChicken" to muck it all up.

*While the game likes to parade the idea of "FairFight" around like it's some form of trophy, the game is still overrun with hackers. With constant new hacking tools emerging every time another is addressed, you'll constantly see this as an issue. And while the response time to have them removed permanently from the game is rather quick(Most of the time), it's still the fact that they're there in the first place that makes this a problem.


In closing, APB Reloaded is an ex-pay to play MMO shooter with subpar action and goofy as hell ragdoll physics. But it's a dying game, and with the community punching more and more holes in the sinking boat that is this game, and further alienating and shunning new players, it will eventually sink completely. I can not recommend this game to anyone with the condition that it's in. All the FairFight updates in the world can't save this game if the community won't help to keep it afloat.
Toxic community
'Micro' transactions are everywhere
Pay to win
Pay to customize
Slow connections if you can even get in resulting in laggy deaths from behind corners etc
Cheaters given free roam essentially

Did I mention pay to win?
-First time playing the game
-Spent 30mins creating a cool character
-Joined some bronze district
-Pressed K
-Gets to be vs Gold 255 ranked group of players
-Farmed my a s s ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
There's a great unbalance in this game, especially when you decide to level up a new character, you get to be vs gold high ranked tryharding players only who usually spend over 100$ to get pixel weapons to kill you faster.There was a time when G1 used to care about the players, but its gone now.This game is full of tryharding donor players who will do anything to win a single mission,
If you want to play a dead game with full tryharders, then this game is for you
You don't want to play this game. I had typed out a long review, but Steam decided to discard it, so let me summarize:

Bad matchmaker. Low level players instantly against high level ones, over and over again, and level makes a difference in this game, both in skill and gear.
Buggy gameplay, with bad shooting mechanics based around spread AND recoil, with few guns being able to perform more than one singular task.
Horrible players who alternate between hacking, griefing, and acting like total tools to the rest of the community.
And a game company managing it who doesn't know what the word manage means. Literally has let the game get worse and lag more and more over the past year and a half. If you must play this game, do not pay for anything, there is no reason to, and it's just as likely the game will die in the next year, flushing your money down the drain.
PROS
-You can create good clothes
-You can create good cars
-Enjoyable if you can kill people.

CONS
-BAD FPS
-LAGGY SERVER
-PAY 2 WIN
-CHEATERS
-SLOW LOADING
-MACROS
-MATCHMAKING NOT FAIR AND ITS TAKING SO MUCH TIME.
On the surface, APB Reloaded looks like a fun cops and robbers game where you can grab a few friends, customize your characters extensively and simply have a good time. Don't get me wrong, you can have a good time on this game but from my experience over the past few days it's been a rare occasion that I've truly enjoyed my time on it. To start off, the community (what's left of it anyways) is one of the most toxic communities I've seen in a while. The majority of the playerbase insults one another all throughout the day, no matter what happens. There are many people who have been playing the game for a while now, and with the small community this makes matchmaking pretty unfair. You'll either get paired with people that have been playing for years or newcomers like yourself and it shows as soon as the match starts. There's also a huge learning curve in terms of how the guns work in the game which almost makes it seem like it isn't worth even trying to figure out since you're gonna get outgunned 80% of the time by the better players regardless. I put in hours upon hours trying to figure out how to use one gun, and while I did see slight improvement, it didn't matter one bit as the "elitists" trampled over me (maybe I just suck). Also the ranking is kinda broken. If you get to gold rank and one of the districts or both of the districts you want to join are anything below silver, you simply can't join even though the majority of players are in there, which in turn blocks progression in that particular area (This is what happened to me so if you want to switch from area to area freely and find matches without getting your progress hindered, it's best to try to stay at the silver rank aka win some lose some as bad as that sounds). In the end though, if you're looking for something to play and you want to have some fun there's a plethora of other free to play options other than this one. Save yourself the sanity and stray away from this one.
After playing this game extensively for a time,

APB is not in the slightest new player friendly in both mechanical and playerbase aspects. The playerbase is full of venomous, toxic people. Should you get involved with the community, you can expect DDoSers, griefers and undesirable people to bother you.

Mechanically speaking, APB does not in any way play like any other shooter. Many people will pick up an assault rifle, press right mouse and hold down the trigger, which rarely works. The gunplay sits solely around extremes, there are no in-betweens like in most shooters, which I personally find silly. Only shotguns and SMGs will be found in close quarters. Only snipers, semi-autos and (sometimes) assault rifles will be found in long range. You have to frequently change guns depending on the environment, which can be an extreme problem if you don't have premium, because there is a lengthy cooldown for the ammo box which can be used for changing guns and re-stocking. The only way to negate that long cooldown is to own premium.

The matchmaking is also hopelessly broken, and veterans will be placed against new players.

APB also suffers from a item shop dilemma. There are certain guns that are extremely potent, which can only be purchased via the armas market. Originally, you could outgun the OCA whisper or the CSG, but now there are pocket SMG guns, such as the Oca Nano, the extremely high ROF SMG that can be used like a rifle that is the ACES gun, so on and so forth. They aggressively market their items and don't even attempt to make a F2P variant that can compare.

The Developers are not only ridiculously greedy, but they also lack any talent. Most content is re-hashed or has minimum effort applied to it. Bug fixes are slow to happen. They've done nothing to fix the rampaging numbers of cheaters which have plagued the game since beta, aside from occasionally catch someone who's too blatant, or false ban someone who may be godly good at the game. On the subject of bans, a developer has come out and flatly said that all bans are final and that they are cheaters, no matter what.

The only redeeming qualities I could even offer is that the customization is unmatched, the vehicle play is a fascinating idea and the open world missions are a great idea, but could certainly use a lot of tweaks at later level missions.

I personally believe it may be too late to save APB, and that it should be sold to another company so that the customization can be harvested for a much better game.




I'll say it once, and I'll say it again. This game is beyond repair. Incompetent developers, as well as publishers, have let this game slip into decadence. Updates to this game are very little; often just minor bug fixes and occasionally a new weapon which is typically only able to be unlocked by paying for it with real money. Developers have constantly teased the playerbase with an alleged engine update, which has been in the "works" for almost three years, which has had progress shown twice.

When players said that APB: Reloaded is pay to win, I often brushed them off and called them a crybaby. But now that I look back at this game, I see really how pay to win this game was. Having premium (boost to your XP and cash gain) halves the cooldowns of your abilities such as Field Resupply, taking the powerful ability from a two minute cooldown to a measly one minute cooldown. Not paying for premium also greatly hinders your customization capabilities, aswell as progression as a player. Getting to the higher ranks level gains slow to a crawl, and the grind demands extreme amounts of time.

Don't be fooled by the seasonal events, they've been in the game for years. The christmas event has been in the game for almost 4 years now, and has reappeared each time with nothing changing. The same thing applies to other events, nothing has changed. We haven't seen the release of a new map since the literal release of the game.

So, do I recommend this game? Hell no. Don't come near this god awful shipwreck of a game. It should have stayed dead when Realtime Worlds shut the game down in 2010. Instead, it was revived and used as a method of taking the money from every single weeaboo and furry to ever lay eyes upon this festering pile of refuse. As a person playing since 2011, please [b][i]DO NOT[/i] come near this game. You will waste your time and regret it, similar to the fate I suffered from this crack disguised as a video game. [i]You have been warned.[/i]
This game had an insane potential. But the awesome developers made it unplayable. Starting with lagging servers, all the way to hackers. The only updates are fucking new p2w bullshit. But it is a really fun game, sad to see it rolling down the hill.
Great concept great game awesome gamepley. But F2P progress is so boring and slow. No major updates since 3 years. No look into by DEVS. Needs work. This game can be awesome or maybe the most awesome online game. But like I said no work put into.
It's a shell of it's former self and will never recover. Broken servers, hackers verses hackers basically, and gamersfirst still has the balls to open your steam overlay to sell you 50 dollar guns.
I really can't believe I tortured myself with this game for so long.

I immediately fell in love with the idea of the game. Who among us, who grew up in the GTA generation, could refuse a massively multiplayer simulacron? A game where you could run rampant in a bustling city, breaking the law or thwarting lawbreakers. A game where you could make your own theme music, graffiti and design your cars and clothes. A game with a thriving community-driven marketplace.

It wasn't hard to crush those dreams, as the current developers and community have done. The game makes you hate each other. It makes you hate the people hosting and developing it. Matchmaking forces you to discriminate against weaker players being on your squad. Mission types devolve into hateful grudge matches that will make you twitch, sweat, and curse. The low population and broken ranking system will ensure that certain notorious individuals will become your personal arch nemeses. The laughable price point at which gear is pushed by the marketting department will have you cringing. The way in-game money makes people insane will have you questioning your own friends' intentions and paranoia will haunt your every financial decision. The balancing of weapons, and the steep skill landscape will ensure that every now and then your weapon, no matter how spectacular or expensive, will feel like a capgun or limp noodle in your hand.

It took me far too long to realize I wasn't even enjoying myself. I hope this, and other reviews like it, may yet spare someone of the same experience. Oh yes, my love and I spent well into a hundred or so dollars each on this game. It's definitely not even worth trying as a free-to-player. You're severely limitted in every aspect of gameplay unless you're a premium account holder.
Its dumb so dumb a game that could be amazing and awesome is ruined because one player has a higher credit limit then another. 
ITs been ruined by the wallet warriors.
I cannot recommend this game. 

The idea behind this game is great and if they were to update this game and make it more modern, it could be really good. 
The customization is incredible.
Gameplay is fun... for a bit. 

That's where it all falls apart, 

Graphics: not bad but pretty dated. 
UI:  Horrible
Matchmaking: If you are an enforcer, good luck finding a group that is even close to even. You either steamroll your competition or get steamrolled. 

You can try this game if you want, it's free. But don't expect much.
The game has insanely good customization but that just isn't enough to balance out the repetitiveness and lack of mission variety, cheaters, griefers, the fact that the enforcers always have a clear advantage over the criminals, the frustrating grinding to get new weapons just to have them expire later, team killers, and overall dull gameplay.
the game looks like the mafia city ads and gta fucked and had a baby, but it controls as if your grandma that fell down the stairs and has permanent bone damage is playing
Got 1370 hours on my main character in this game. was a really great game, then hackers came along....
I quit 3 years ago due hackers, came back this week....guess what.... still alot of wallhackers etc... would not recommend it anymore sadly. As the devs don't do jack shit about this game's problem. You're right, the hackers
One of the worst games i have ever played. This game is focused on PvP, but it is the shittiest unbalanced mess. Weapons are not permanent and cost a lot, if someone has a better weapon than you, you can't do anything. It is simply unbalanced, pay to win and toxic piece of shit. You gotta spend some real dough to enjoy this game. Sure, customization hella awesome, but i couldn't get the items i wanted, because the game wanted me to invest hours in this piece of crap. It is always a real shame to see a game turned into a hunk of mess like this. I tried. I really tried. I gave it my best to play another 2-3 hours with my friend, but i couldn't do it. The community is one of the most toxic ones. 10 minutes into the game and i get called "hacking russian faggot". I am not even Russian and that should say a lot. If the developers cared at least a little bit about this game, they wouldn't make more "content", they would fix the fucking game. When they first announced this game, they said it was going to be awesome. This game went through development hell and came back stable. I respect that. But that doesn't mean it is a good game. Hell, it's not even an ok game. So, what I am saying is, if you are already playing this game, go ahead and keep playing. But if you are starting fresh, don't even waste your hours playing this. But who cares what i fuckin say, it's a free game and it's your choice.
Future note to self: Aklından bile geçirme
i can't even play the game, every name is either "taken" or "inappropriate"
when ever a hacker plays this game it takes up a name,and when that player gets banned that name the hacker chose isn't usable anymore.
whats the point of playing a game when every name is taken or "inappropriate"
almost every single name is "inappropriate" i just want to use my steam name "pikmine12" but it wasn't usable.
sure you might call me a baby for not finding a name and complaining about it, but whats the point of a game if you can't even play it?
Can't say much, every year I re-download this only to have a network error no matter how I try I cannot seem to make it work, I tried other emails and fresh characters yet still has me locked, no matter when of time. So yeah, I used to play this game alot years back, but because its obvious (because it's free to play) there are hackers and I can only suspect someone locked me out using a hack, possibly during or after a rage quit incident. Yes this game can be frustrating, especially when premium guys know all the tricks on hiding the intel briefcases that is quite mischievous and playing dirty. But I have had fun with this game, I actually prefer it over GTA, but APB just doesn't work, Ive tried the forum, Ive tried the ticket, all to no avail. Something weird is going on.

Anyways because this game has been updated since I last played I do not have the experience to say much.

Im not recommending this game yet because alot needs to be fixed, changed, altered, tweaked, modified, upgraded, optimized.

If you ignore all this, One thing to take out of it, this game has one of the best customization options I have ever seen.
