The cupcake version of Half-Life.
Play as Barney Calhoun and show United States Marines, Black Ops Ninjas, and inter-dimensional mutants that real badasses wear ties and make $26,000 a year.
You get to play as a mute security guard who wrecks havoc upon firearms specialists and aliens from an alternative dimension with a crowbar, and owes a mute theoretical physicist a pint.
[h1]TL:DR? See Conclusion[/h1]

[h1]NOTE:[/h1]
Also see my: 
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/70]Half-Life (1) Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/220]Half-Life 2 Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/50]Half-Life: Opposing Force Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/362890?tscn=1431108183]Black Mesa Review[/url]

[h1]INTRODUCTION:[/h1]
Half-Life: Blue Shift is a first-person action game by Gearbox Software and Valve and serves as the third official expansion to the Half-Life franchise.  Unlike Half-Life or Half-Life: Opposing Force, Blue Shift does not introduce new game mechanics; rather, it offers a new type of narrative storytelling through constant interactions with an NPC character (i.e., Dr. Rosenberg).

In this game, you step into the shoes of Black Mesa Security Guard and Clone Template Barney Calhoun, a man whose normal routine of offering beers and guarding doors is shattered with a catastrophic accident that opens the facility to an alien invasion and U.S. Military intervention (a direct result of Dr. Freeman's experiment from the first game).  As Barney Calhoun, you try to survive the alien invasion, protect the survivors, and escape the now doomed Black Mesa Research Facility.

[h1]PROS:[/h1]
+ Good story (NO SPOILERS) that serves as the 'final link' that connects every story (Half-Life, Half-Life: Opposing Force and Half-Life: Decay) of the Black Mesa Incident together.
+ Constant interaction with an NPC that is essential to the plot rather than for opening doors
+ The first game in the franchise to introduce 'HD' content during its time
+ Intense action as can be expected from a Half-Life game
+ Satisfying puzzles
+ Adaptive enemy AI, especially with the soldiers
+ Great level design
+ Barney can kill dangerous aliens and highly trained military soldiers wearing only a flak vest and an almost transparent plastic helmet as protection (He would be perfect in the Warhammer 40,000 universe as an Imperial Guardsman).

[h1]CONS:[/h1]
- VERY SHORT and possibly the shortest game I ever played with only 3 hours of playtime on Hard Mode and Training Tutorial
- Existence of bugs despite being 14 years old (Particularly a bug where you're unable to move)
- No new weapons, enemy, or gameplay mechanics.
- Most weapons from the first game were removed
- Relatively easy (even on hard mode) as compared to the other games.  In my opinion, it is because acquiring 'armor' and health kits are a lot easier.

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
Story and lore wise, Blue Shift is GOOD but other than that, it does not offer any new content aside from the new player perspective of the overall Half-Life Lore.  In my opinion, Blue Shift is not an expansion but more of a DLC (downloadable content) than anything else, which is not a bad thing by the way, especially one with a good story and fun action sequences.

So do you buy Blue Shift?  YES but DO NOT BUY Blue Shift alone! Instead, purchase [b]Half-Life Anthology[/b] if you already have Half-Life 2 or get [b]Half-Life Complete[/b]. 

--------------------------------------------------------- 
[h1]Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:[/h1]

http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/
Gearbox + Valve. It's a beautiful combo!

If you're fans of the original Half-Life you'll enjoy Half-Life: Blue Shift. Taking me just under four hours to complete. The game is short, sweet, & memorable. The story follows Calhoun your favourite security guard & what he does behind the scenes helping save various scientists while Gordon's busy stopping the alien threat. While not as pivotal as saving the world. Who know's where people like Freeman or others would be if it wasn't for Barney's high regard for life.

Weapons, puzzles, & enemies are of a similar nature to the base game. So you will not find any surprises there. However if you're looking to dive deeper into the Half-Life universe & see what happens to a few of your favourite characters this is definitely a game for you!
Blue shift is, practically, any decrease in wavelength. Oh, wait, it is also the expansion pack (the 2nd one) for the critically acclaimed game Half Life! And this one was also developed by Gearbox. Interestingly, it came more than a year after Opposing Force, the 1st expansion pack, and while that one packed a punch, Blue Shift did not really offer anything new.

So, there is no real new content here: no new weapons, enemies or new music. But! It is Half Life! And also, you control Barney! The security officer who was bashing the door when you were riding the train with Gordon in the base game. 

And this is why I liked in Opposing Force, as well. How the new protagonist's story was connected to that of Gordon. You could see a familiar locale in the distance (when in the helicopter in the beginning) or the aforementioned example of the security guard. 

In any case, while Blue Shift did not really offer anything new (graphics-wise it came with a neat high-res texture pack, though), it offered the same cool atmosphere we loved Half Life for.

Blue Shift is a short but all the more entertaining ride! Highly recommended to all Half Life fans!
..."you play as Barney Calhoun, the security guard sidekick who helped Gordon out of so many sticky situations." - By staring at Gordon every time he shows up? 

10/10 Would help again
Blue Shift is the second expansion to Half Life. Released in 2001, 3 years after the original game. The development was handled by Gearbox - who one day would create games like Brothers in Arms and Borderlands. Blue Shift, was in fact their second game, so you could say that Gearbox was still in the process of learning.
 
The game consists of 5 lengthy chapters and 3 "5 min" chapters. I finished the game in 5 hours, so as you see, it's a pretty short game.

One thing that i did not like is that the plot did not really collide with the plot of Half Life 1 all that much. There were a few cameos, but overall it felt really separated. Basically, you help a group of scientists fix the teleporter and teleport out of the Black Mesa facility. The only cameo is at the start of the game when you see Gordon riding the train.

Gameplay wise, it's basically the same as the original game, except there are no "Class 4" Type weapons (gravity guns and such). The game also has a few puzzles here and there.

In the end though, i like the first expansion (Opposing Force) much more. It had it's own identity i would say.

This expansion is short, pretty much all assets are reused from the original Half Life, and thematically it just does not do a good job, unlike its predecessor - Opposing Force.
Nostalgia! 

Just like Half Life, and Half Life: Opposing Force. This game "Half Life: Blue Shift" is pure nostalgia! You are security officer Barney Calhoun at the Black Mesa Research Facility and just like the plot for Half Life. You are to fight your way out of the godforsaken research facility as it comes under attack by the military and Xen Forces. This game isn't as long as the original game, just bear that in mind.

Everything about the original game will be in this one, or at least some elements anyways. Only this time around you explore different parts of the facility through the POV of Calhoun and not Freeman, Same goes for Opposing Force. 

If you love the Half Life series, get the Half Life 1 anathology pack that contains (Half Life, Blue Shift, Opposing Force, and Team Fortress Classic) as it's on sale right now for Steam Summer sale for only $3.74!
Blue Shift, Is a side story and a good addition to Half-life. 

You are playing as one of the security guards when the outbreak happens and you get to experience what really happend before and in the beginning of Half-life.


There is almost no bugs and the ingame NPC has also been edited very nicely with great little details.

The story overall is interesting and keeps on being it from start till end, even though the mod is not the longest, the side story in itself is perfect and to me, doesn't need to be any longer than it is, but would had been "nice" if it was.


It takes rougly about 2 hours to complete the full story of Blue Shift.
Personal Rating, 7/10.
Half-Life: Blue Shift was released in 2001 as the second Gearbox Half-Life expansion. In this game, you play as Barney Calhoun, a Black Mesa security guard during the time of the original Half-Life's Resonance Cascade, and the subsequent invasion of Black Mesa by the US military in attempt to cover the event up.

The game is similar to Opposing Force in that it illustrates a part of the world of Half-Life during the time of the Resonance Cascade, though from the eyes of someone other than Gordon Freeman. In Blue Shift's case, you start in a similar environment to Gordon within the depths of the Black Mesa Research Facility as an employee there, and after a casual introduction into basic mechanics and the neat environment Barney works in, you're thrown into combat quickly after the Cascade hits within 15 minutes into the game.

Most of the basic weaponry Gordon has in Half-Life can be used by Barney, from the Shotgun to the Revolver to the Crowbar, and the plot surrounds Barney's attempt to escape Black Mesa and resist against US marines who are pouring in to the facility to cover the whole Cascade up, along the way, you'll solve puzzles, fight baddies, and help scientists to find the way for yourself and others to escape the doomed facility before the impending nuclear destruction of the facility kills your chances.

The game itself is pretty great; because it was built around the same engine and built around Half-Life as an independent game, it resists many problems itself; most being attributable to those that Half-Life had itself (the flashlight that could stick to surfaces across the room). That being said, the game has a few glitches (saves breaking, certain elevator scenes near the beginning leading to game-overs, Gordon getting stuck on the tram tracks, etc) but none that were utterly game-breaking or capable of ruining the player's experience.

That being said, this game's main problem is its length and the amount of content it introduces. While Opposing Force, the previous Gearbox Half-Life expansion, had within it a fairly long plot, introduced many new weapons, aliens, and even had a boss battle, Blue Shift is fairly short and doesn't really introduce new weapons, (that being said, most of them to my knoweldge use different skins) and in my opinion, serves more as a compliment to the original game by allowing fans of Half-Life to see more of Black Mesa behind the scenes.

To summarize: In my opinion the game is great and is my personal favorite of the Half-Life expansions and vies with Half-Life 1 for the best original Half-Life title; I've always enjoyed the character of Barney Calhoun, and I find it enjoyable that there's an entire expansion detailing his own escape from the Black Mesa complex. However, I do recognize the flaws that this game has: This game doesn't introduce as much content as Opposing Force did to be considered a different title from Half-Life, and isn't as long as either Opposing Force or Half-Life to have as much of an impact on the average player post-completion. That all being said, I enjoyed what it was, the narrative and story was solid, and I enjoyed the chance to see the Resonance Cascade and the subsequent invasion of Black Mesa from the eyes of Barney. The game has a certain narrative to it that creates an interesting environment that compliments the plot, and because of its length, you spend more time with other characters and as such are able to more greatly build an understanding of their character because you spend more time together. While it's short and doesn't add much to the Half-Life universe, I myself liked it and found it enjoyable, even if it's only around 2-3 hours long in comparison to the original Half-Life being around 10-12 hours in length.

In the end, the game's narrative and plot outshine its gameplay for me; it's interesting to see the quest of a security guard escaping Black Mesa while it's under seize by Xen creatures and the military, and the ending is a complete contrast of the ending of Half-Life, and I can't help but feeling like it hit all its narrative marks in those regards.

I myself recommend it, but whether you want to pay 5 bucks for something like this is your opinion in the end. That being said, I myself got it as a part of the [url=http://store.steampowered.com/bundle/231/]Half Life Complete[/url] Steam Bundle, which goes on sale during every major seasonal Steam sale. If you were thinking of getting this title or any of the other games in the Half-Life franchise, I'd suggest you turn to that bundle during a sale, as you get discounts for all the games if you buy it, so it's cheaper than buying each game individually.
It took 3 tries but it's good to know someone made it out of Black Mesa scot-free, hahaha.

In all other respects, this expansion was just more of the same, no new guns, no new enemies, just a different perspective on the events of Half-Life 1.

It makes sense that Calhoun wouldn't be fighting massive numbers of aliens, marines, and black ops. He's just a security guard, plus he has no fancy HEV suit.
[h1] The good	[/h1]
[list]
[*] A nice game to make Half Life franchise fans watch other side of the story
[*] Simple and funcional controls
[/list]


[h1] The bad[/h1]
[list]
[*] Campaing is good but very small
[/list]


[h1] Final score: 7/10[/h1]
It's pretty good, although much shorter than i thought it would be. The action picks up a lot quicker than Half-Life so you'll be fighting off aliens in no time. There aren't as many big set pieces during the roughly 3 hours you play through, also you have access to less weapons in this than the original game. There is no rocket launcher or alien weapons you can pick up and use. There are less annoying navigational parts where you have to be precise in jumping in this though, so there's that.
This expansion pack is kind of a mixed bag, I don't think its bad and certainly the worst thing you will hear about it is that its lacking after something like Opposing Force or just mediocre. I think that while still acknowledging that any self respecting Half-Life fan should play through it at least once. 

For one thing the story can be considered very linked to HL2, because its the first Half-Life game that acknowledges Barney as his own character that is separate from every single generic security guard that you come across in Half-Life and secondly the story details how he survived Black Mesa and escaped from it. It's also interesting in that you have a unique scientist character named Rosenberg who has a unique face and serves as a kind of proto-character for the kind of characters you meet in Half-Life 2 in that he drives a lot of the story forward himself and you meet with him multiple times in working together to complete your goal, which is interesting, in that aspect you can see what may have inspired the approach to Half-Life 2 in that regard. 

Secondly the graphics have been drastically improved in this, while Opposing Force improved on the graphics a little bit itself this goes the whole nine yards and genuinely does some impressive things with the Gold Src engine of the time. I would recommend looking up some comparisins between the three original Half-Life games to see the progression of graphical capability over the years. Hell when Blue Shift first came out, modders were quite excited just because it would give them access to some really interesting graphical effects not seen before like reflective floors and the like that may seem quaint now when you have mods like Paranoia and Cry of Fear but back than were a pretty huge deal. I still think the reflections and stuff look pretty cool even now. 

The main thing though you need to know going into it though is that content wise its no where near the level of even the original Half-Life, the enemy roster has been down sized quite a bit and for that matter so has the ally roster, exempting some scripted events at least, its also far far shorter clocking in at only about 4 or 5 hours or so, maybe even less if your good, your weapon roster is far less impressive and it makes sense for what is a much shorter game but still, we have to wonder why that all is, why is it so much more lacking in content compared to the others? Well the problem is we don't exactly know a whole lot about Blue Shift's development specifically, there is a little bit of evidence that MAYBE the expansion was planned to be bigger and have a few more features than what we got in an early trailer from back when the game was going to be called "Guard Duty" and not Blue Shift: 

https://youtu.be/vGSgpg3xQME

In this you can see that originally Blue Shift was going to contain a separate flashlight that you had to equip to use, sort of like Doom 3 which is kind of interesting but other than that I don't know what the original plans may have been. 

The game is still decent and one thing I enjoyed is that you see some beta/alpha skins that have been modified a bit and than re-used for some of the later levels, like the old HEV chargers and health charges that you can find in the older parts of the facility which is a nice touch, there's also the unique way of collecting armor points which fits in with playing a guard where because you don't use an HEV suit you must collect vests and helmets and the like in order to increase your armor points. 

It's not a bad game but its a step down from Opposing Force I think and I think that is how I would sum it up.
Half Life 1 was a fantastic first person shooting game released somewhere around 1999. This Blue Shift is the second rather dull expansion pack for Half Life 1. To be blunt, the first expansion Opposing Force is better, because it offers more guns, new gameplay mechanics and a lot of new monsters. Blue Shift however offers nothing new except new levels that will take you under 4 hours to complete the first time around.

Blue Shift takes you through Black Mesa and Xen once again when everything goes wrong and aliens invade. You start the expansion riding the tram to work (just like Half Life 1) after taking an optional training course that is literally the same training course from Half Life 1.

The gameplay is more challenging than the original game in both good and bad ways. The good way is the game shows off its artificial intelligence by pitting you... Barney Calhoun, a blue shift security guard at Black Mesa, against hundreds of marines sent into the Black Mesa facility. Usually you fight 10 marines at a time in wide open areas. The enemies will scatter when you throw grenades, run away from you, try to flank you and fan out so you're not shooting enemies like dominoes.

The negative ways that the expansion is challenging comes from several dark areas with dozens of head crabs jumping at you around every turn. It feels cheap compared to Half Life 1 and Opposing Force.

There are a few shining lights for this expansion and that is rescuing scientists, although it's not much of a rescue, because any of them can die and it doesn't matter. The expansion also dabbles in having an important character Dr. Rosenburg that you will rescue and he will guide you to the end of the expansion. Guide you as in briefly tell you what to do through believable voice acting.

In all this is a lackluster expansion compared to the previous one and feels more like a level pack... without levels, just one continuous game. Chances are you can get this expansion with one of the deluxe Half Life 1 games, so save some money and get Blue Shift there instead.
Like Opposing force this is game is also what I have missed all these years.

Same old half life one experience but with a few flaws..

There are no new enemy like opposing force.... G-Man don't care about you... not much choice of weapon.. no Black OPs... and over all very short..(2 hour worth). 

Everything else is on par with half life and it's still pretty fun to play.

8/10
Half-Life: Blue Shift is the 2nd and final expansion to Half-Life, and it shows.
If I had to recommend an expansion pack to someone it would be Opposing Force, not this. Not because this is bad or anything like that, no, its that Opposing Force does so much more that comparing it to Blue Shift makes this look way weaker then it actually is. Sure it doesn't have new weapons or enemies like its counter-part, but what makes Blue Shift a good expansion to me is the level design...if you liked Half-Life and Opposing Forces design you will get a kick out of it. Its short, hell might be shorter then Opposing Force but I still highly recommend you play this for the full classic HL experience.

[spoiler] Also the HD models are bad.
Very good addon to the Half - Life. In Half-Life: Blue Shift, the player takes on the role of Barney Calhoun - security guard of  Black Mesa, who trying escape from Black Mesa after Dr.Freeman's experiment fail. Main diference from other addon -  Opposing Force - presence of monsters from the base game only. Arsenal of weapons is also very narrowed, even in comparison with original Half - Life. The main drawback - game is very short. Not very - VERY VERY SHORT. I played at hard difficulty - spent only 4.5 hours for game walkthrough.

[spoiler]P.S. We will meet with Barney Calhoun in Half - Life 2)[/spoiler]

7.5/10
[h1]PROS: 

-Nice new graphics and new models 
-New perspective of the Black Mesa incident 
-Half Life games are always great

CONS: 

-The game is too short

You should try it but only if you really liked the original Half Life.

If you liked Opposing Force, you will also like Blue Shift, but you will find it rather short too.
[h1]One words review: Amazing![/h1]
[b]Half-Life: Blue Shift is an awesome Add-on to the original Half-Life franchise! developed by Gearbox Software and published by Valve on Jun, 2001.[/b]
 In this expansion you play as "Barney Calhoun"; a mid-level security officer at the Black Mesa Research Facility who will became an actual standalone character with a great impact in the later Half-Life games, it's the day of the Black Mesa incident and your mission is to escape the alien invasion with the help of "Dr. Rosenberg" using some kind of old technology portal while fighting both aliens and army.
 The story is really good and enjoyable with an awesome ending ( it's still cool even despite the fact that there is no final boss fight ), but sadly .. it's the shortest of the 4 expansions! the good thing is that it presents some new levels and areas of Black Mesa, yet no new weapons or enemies at all
 i don't need to talk about the graphics & voice acting, the expansion was released 15 years ago and yet they still good for nowadays and they don't have any bad impact on the game-play.
 Tbh, it was really nice to play as "Calhoun"and i loved how the story was mixed-in with the original story .. you can clearly see how many connections between them exists here.
 Overall, if you loved the original half-life you should definitely try this one too! it's a great addition to the HL series and i recommend it to everyone, it doesn't matter if you are a huge fan or a newbie! just buy it now!       Final Score: 9/10
Half-Life: Blue Shift

Blue shift is really amazing experience to have. You play as another person within the story of Half-Life. Detailed crosspoints with the main story. It has different point to get, simply get out of the complex. Everyone who enjoyed playing the main game should play this. Worth every penny.

Grade: 10/10
The so called "Red Headed Stepchild" of the original Half Life. Blue Shift is the second and last expansion for the orignal Half Life. Usually looked over and completly forgotten about Blue Shift isn't a bad game nor is it really great. It's just okay. It doesn't add anything new to the main game other than the fact you are a new character. Also the game is EXTREMELY short being able to beat in less than 2 or so hours. The concept is nice and i appercitate what it tried to do. Overall would only recommened it if you're looking for the full Half Life 1/Black Mesa experience.
It's a short 2 hour expansion, and compared to the base game and Opposing force, it seems lacking.
However, it was originally for the HL dreamcast port, but when that got scrapped, this and the HD models were salvaged for the PC. It clearly shows, as the game tends to take place in more closed areas, but for 2 hours, it's not bad.
The game likes to tease you with the armor chargers, as you can't use them since you don't use a suit, but a regular old vest and helmet, like CS.
In all, it does lack any new content, but it takes HL and compresses it really nicely, and I think people give it a little bit more crap than it deserves.
You should really only play this if you like Half-Life. You play as Barney, one of the disposable security guards that you killed for their ammo after they were of no use to you in Half-Life's single player. The campaign is short; it took me about 3 hours to complete. There is no multiplayer, there are no new weapons, no new enemies, and only a handful of new characters. This is like Opposing Force in that it's a new perspective on Half-Life's story, but that's it.

Recommended only if you like Half-Life's story.
7/10
Exactly the same as Half-Life but through the eyes of a security officer, and you can see Gordon Freeman in third person.
The story of this game is a little different because you play as a different person. Really neet and cool.
Half-Life: Blue Shift is short , but better than Half-Life : Opposing Force , but what I like about Half-Life : Blue Shift Is the character Barney Calhoun , The game is fun ˆ˘ˆ , so I recommended both Half-Life : Blue Shift and Half-Life : Opossing Force c:
This story it's around Barney, a charactar you'll meet in Half-Life 2 as well.
The game is around 4 hours long and it shows you what Barney had to do to escape Black Mesa Research Facility.

9/10
Take control of Barney in Black Mesa hell.
Grabbing pistols and shotgun shells.
Forget entering Xen; just get out alive.
Freeman stomping that alien hive.
If you were to ask me to choose between this and Opposing Force, the other official Half-Life 1 mod/expansion/side-story, I would probably favour the latter. It's a tad more unique, a little longer, and generally feels more like a fully-fledged "game" than this does.

   None of which is to say that this isn't a top-rate old-school first person shooter, as you'd expect from official Valve product. I wouldn't hesitate for two seconds to recommend it to existing Half-Life fans, but I will say that it sure as shit ain't the place to start. 

   I would also suggest that the five dollar price-tag is a tad much, given the current market, but it's in so many bundles and on sale so many times a year that you'd have to be desperate or stoopid to pay full price anyway.

Verdict: 9/10.
Best part of the game: Watching Gordon get dragged by the two grunts whose heads I'd love to smash with a brick. 

Not because the game is bad and that's the best it offered. Just because I love when games/sagas or, in this case, the expansions of a game connect with each other in such direct ways. 

Blue Shift was pretty good. Incredibly short, it takes the average gamer four hours on Hard (I presume) to beat, but it was good nonetheless. You simply would expect more from a franchise with an assload of long, and sometimes, very challenging chapters. They didn't add anything new in this expansion (as in guns or creatures), but it's not a bad thing from a storyline standpoint, since the game takes place on Black Mesa, near the same sectors you're in when you play as Gordon in Half-Life. The only "complaint", I'd say, is that the game was very short. But I enjoyed it, seeing things through Calhoun's eyes (I love Barney, got a damn crush on him) was interesting, and some parts were very well made and well thought-out. Not going to spoil for those who want to play, but to those who have played it: Chapter 6, "Power Struggle". Dynamite detonator box. Barrel on a corner to your right. You played the game; you might understand.

I recommend it, but only if you have played Half-Life. I doubt you'll enjoy it if you haven't played it. Quite the contrary, I think you'd find it dull. So buy it and play it if you want some more of Half-Life in the Black Mesa Facility.
Not a great expansion, but its ok, and its for Half-life so I can't complain much about that

Pros+
-You can play as Barney!
-Good Level/Map Design.

Cons-
-This is shorter compared to Half-Life and its other Expansion Opposing Force.
-No New Weapons or Enemies.

Notes:
You should play this before Opposing Force.

7/10
If you would like to see the world of Half Life as one of those pathetic security guards that help you open a door and then you just murder them with a crowbar, play this!

It's just like playing Half Life, but with less story. I played it just because I want to know every little detail in Half Life, and I must say it is probably the worst Half Life game, but it's still amazing.

Yeah, you should buy it.

7/10
This is a very short game but still a good Half-Life story for those who loved the original.
Great gameplay.
The graphics are a bit dated but it still supports widescreen 1080p resolution.
Half-Life: Blue Shift is the second expansion pack to the original Half-Life. Much like Opposing Force, you play from the point of view of a Black Mesa security guard named Barney Calhoun. Once again, the events in this game run parallel to the original so it's fun to see Gordon Freeman around. This expansion is the much shorter than Opposing Force, however it's still fun even though there are no new weapons or enemies introduced. For Half-Life fans this expansion is great in offering more gameplay and rounding up the Half-Life 1 storyline.
It seems that no matter how good a game series is, it's always destined to have a black sheep, so to speak. Sometimes the game isn't even bad, just not as solid as the rest and people act like by proxy it's the worst thing ever. It happened with Fallout 4 compared to Fallout 3 and New Vegas, and I feel like it happened with Half-Life: Blue Shift.

Half-Life is the second and final expansion pack that Gearbox developed for the original Half-Life, and much like Opposing Force, Blue Shift puts you behind the perspective of another Character during the Black Mesa incident. In Blue Shift, you play as Barney Calhoun, a security guard and familiar face to those who've played Half-Life 2. Much like in Half-Life, Barney is starting his day of work at Black Mesa by commuting via tram, and after arriving at his scattered workplace, he gets his gun and presses a button for some rude as hell scientists in an elevator before everything goes FUBAR. As aliens begin teleporting in from Xen, Barney's elevator crashes into the ground, killing every occupant other than himself. Upon regaining conciousness, Barney sets off on a mission to escape Black Mesa, eventually meeting up with a Dr. Rosenberg, and the two partner up to escape the facility.

One of the greatest criticisms leveled against Blue Shift is that unlike it's sister expansion, Blue Shift does not add in any new weapons or enemies, without even recycling the ones in Opposing Force. Barney also does not gain access to any of the neater weapons that Gordon Freeman was able to get his hands on like the Tau Cannon or the Hive-Hand, the biggest gun Barney is able to weild outside of console commands being the RPG. While these criticisms are certainly valid, it's not fair to say it doesn't bring anything new to the table. Blue Shift is decidedly much more story driven than Opposing Force, as Dr. Rosenberg is a very important character to Blue Shift's story and is one of the few persistant NPC's in the original trilogy. Dr. Rosenberg explains alot of exposition about his old lab in the facility wile also serving as one of the few charaters with the knowledge and equipment to actually escape the facility. 

As such, the latter half of the game consists of Barney doing various errands for Rosenberg to help calibrate his antiquated teleportation machines, such as going to set up a machine in the border world and restoring the backup power deep below the lab. Even though this may not seem all that important, it really does help Blue Shift feel like it's own experience, which is also accompanied by the game's unique handling of Armor. Barney is the only protagonist of the GoldSrc games who lacks a form of powered armor, so he must use the armor of his fallen comrades to protect himself. This can make the game feel really tense as armor becomes less of a second health bar and more of a finite resource which is found few and far between the last.

That aside, I feel like the strongest point of Blue Shift is it's level design. The enemy placement and the size of the levels is pretty great, and the Xen levels are honestly really well made compared to the ones in Half-Life. While I'd say Opposing Force has the better gameplay of the two, I feel like Blue Shift's level design is much more consistant than OpFor's. Despite this, the other grave flaw with Blue Shift is it's shortness. Blue Shift seems to end just when it's beginning to get really good, and there's some puzzles in the game that don't make alot of sense initially, like the barrel and TNT puzzle.

At the end of the day, Blue Shift may not be the best Half-Life game and may arguably be the weakest of the expansions, but it's still a Half-Life game, and it's still just a solid shooter in general. The persistant NPC's in the game as well as the level design and the armor tweaks make Blue Shift still a very positive experience overall, and if you liked Opposing Force or just Half-Life in general, you really should play Blue Shift. While less isn't necessarily more here, you can't really go wrong with a bite sized Half-Life.
This game will take you about 3.5 hrs to finish, so don't expect anything too epic. Half Life's other expansion, Opposing Force, is superior. Blue Shift is fine if you feel like shooting through a bit of Black Mesa and moving some boxes and barrels around, it just ends up being a little underwhelming. Don't expect any new interesting weapons. Visuals are dated, but that's to be expected. It's worth playing if you're a fan of Half Life and have a few hours to kill.
This game is shorter than the original Half Life. Much shorter than the original game. But is that a problem? Not really because I still found the game to be enjoyable. Though this is a 2001 game, I felt free to explore and roam which is a refreshing experience. The game doesn't hold you hand at all. It is easier than the original game. Still fun and I reccomend this highly to anyone who can live with older graphics, less hand holding, and minor bugs.
You have played as Gordam Freeman, then played as Adrian Shepard, well now you get to play as security guard Barney Calhoon, as you try to escape Black Mesa . This game is really fun to play and you should play the original two games in order to understand the story.
Cool part of the series that shouldn't be overlooked if you enjoyed HL1. Nice that Freeman and the G-Man are seen on the trams.

Short game, but worth the money on sale.
[b] Pros: [/b]
- Faithful to the original Half-Life formula
- Another fresh take on the original campaign
- New characters!
- New areas of Xen!

[b] Cons: [/b] 
- [i] Outdated game mechanics [/i]
As with the others in the series, Blue Shift suffers from some outdated mechanics that don't stand up to today's standards.
- [i] Lack of new content [/i]
Unlike Opposing Force, this game lacks any new weaponry or enemies to fight
- [i] Short [/i]
Significantly shorter than Opposing Force. This can sometimes be a problem, but makes for a neat, quick playthrough every now and then.

[b] 8.5/10 [/b]
Really only worth your time if you enjoyed the rest of the franchise. It's short length and lack of new content make it not worth the full price.
It's quite short expansion, but it's very good. This time you return to the Black Mesa Research Facility as a security guard Barney Calhoun. After playing Half Life: Opposing Force I was glad to have my flashlight and crowbar on full power back. You don't get any special weapons to fight with and you won't fight any new enemies. Your mission is simply to find and save several scientists who will rely on you that you are able to do all the dirty work which leads to getting out of the facility unharmed. You won't get stuck in the map in this second expansion. Yay! Success!  Recommended! Time to move on to Half Life 2!
The shortest and least substantial expansion pack to the original Half-Life, Blue Shift puts you in the role of Barney Calhoun, a security officer at Black Mesa on the day of the Black Mesa incident. As with Opposing Force and Decay, this game was developed by Gearbox using assets from the original Half-Life. Blue Shift is by far the shortest of the four campaigns, beatable between 2.5-5 hours depending on the difficulty and your experience with first-person shooters.

This game's initial presentation is very good, but its short traversal and occasionally awkward puzzles put a "damper" on things. There are lots of homages to things that happen in Half-Life, Decay, and Opposing Force. The first chapter is really immersive and is a pretty good setup for the rest of the campaign. Unfortunately, Calhoun is relegated to doing the most mundane stuff in the facility, and it really feels like his story is the least important of the four.

****SPOILERS AHEAD****

Because of the game's brevity, it has to compress things greatly, which sometimes works to the detriment of the game. The difficulty escalates much more quickly than in any of the other campaigns. The second chapter is probably the best, but figuring out what Gearbox was thinking with two of the puzzles (i.e., the weird machines you manipulate vertically and going down an obscured ladder to a completely different area) are hard for me to understand why they were chosen. The third chapter introduces marines and this is where things really get hairy. Unlike every other HL game in my experience, the marines in Blue Shift seem to spam the MP5's grenades the most. It feels artificially difficult because the grenades are very damaging and hard to see coming to dodge.

Also in the third chapter, there is a bit of an escort mission, which is exceedingly annoying because the guy decides to stop following you because he says he's tired. Sometimes this happens after he says he'll follow you and not take a single step. Other times he'll just rush ahead of you, which is also annoying when he gets in harm's way. One of the funniest experiences I think most people have had with him is him saying he won't go another step when he's right in front of the security door that he's been bitching about getting to.

Anyway, after that chapter, you get sent to the alien homeworld and there's a mess of convoluted mazes. This was also the chapter that I discovered Gearbox's proclivity for constantly placing headcrabs right around 90-degree corners in order for them to almost always get a hit on you just because you couldn't see it coming. I thought this was also pretty cheap. There might be multiple ways to get to the destination but I can foresee people getting confused and frustrated with the random organization of everything. Do you take the left path or the right path? It's a lot of trial and error, I think, and I guess I just got lucky. There's also a really annoying platforming section where you have to basically save on every platform. But once you get past that, there's a kind of extended waterfall section that actually feels like it could belong in the original Half-Life. It's certainly better than the factory in Interloper. This is also where you'll encounter almost all of the enemies that Gordon dealt with on Xen, except far, far fewer. After aligning the machinery on Xen, there's again a bit of a head-scratching moment to figure out where to go. You just jump on some crumbled rocks to reach an upper area, d!ck around for a bit (which feels unnecessary), and then find an arbitrary portal back home.

The fifth chapter is the longest and in my opinion the most annoying. You have to find a power cell (battery) in a lower section of Black Mesa. Unfortunately things aren't as intuitive as they should be. For instance, you have to use a barrel as a conduit for a broken wire connected to some dynamite and an explosive lever. You also have to lower the coolant levels just to move some barrels, then raise the coolant levels to jump on the barrels to cross to the other side. But the worst offense (and this is the worst part of the entire game) is figuring out the one extremely random hidden button that raises a bridge to cross to a section you probably didn't even see. This is where the game's lack of explanation drove me batsh!t insane. Anyway, once you figure that all out, you charge the battery and send it back.

The last chapter is pretty easy, you just have to open the damping fields to let the scientists through, then open them for yourself and go through. This is supposed to be tough because of the military guys, but if you know where they're coming from, you can plant a mine and take them out easily.

This game isn't really all that long but it's decent for what it is. There are definitely some moments that are good but probably an equal number of moments that hit with a considerable clunk. It definitely doesn't have the gravitas of the other HL games and some of its puzzles are more annoying than anything. By far the aliens and military spawn point placement in Blue Shift feels the most d!ckish of all the games. But if you can handle those minor annoyances, it's fun to play. But if you're debating between this and Half-Life or Opposing Force, this should be the lowest on your list because it has the least content and feels less substantial (although Calhoun gets the best ending, in my opinion).

P.S. I know it says I have only six minutes in the game. I beat it having "changed game" after having started Opposing Force.
Blue Shift is the second and last Half-Life expansions.  This puts you in Barney's, the police officer, shoes.  Again, same as with Opposing Force you are caught in the same storyline as Gordon Freeman from the original Half-Life.  You will see Gordon Freeman once or twice, to help you get your bearings on where you are within the timeline of the original game, similar to Opposing Forces.  This game is short, simple and doesn't add much more to the original game or the first expansion.  The storyline is mediocre at best, but since this is a Half-Life game, I must recommend.  Just know that if you're not a fan of Half-Life, this game will not be the entertainment that you are looking for that the other Half-Life games will offer.
Half-Life: Blue Shift is an expansion pack for Half-Life and was made by Gearbox. You are playing as security officer Barney Calhoun in Black Mesa when shit hits the fan. While Opposing Force brought new content to the franchise, Blue Shift didn't, really. 

+ Background story for Barney Calhoun
+ Half-Life fans might want to play it at least once.
+ Health packs
+ More Half-Life to see

- Rather short
- Doesn't add much to the Half-Life universe
- It stops abruptly
- Less interesting puzzles than Opposing Force's
- No subtitles

I'd recommend buying Half-Life: Blue Shift if you are a die-hard Half-Life fan and can't get enough. Keep in mind though that Opposing Force is superior to Blue Shift in every way. Since Blue Shift is such a short experience, I would recommend getting it on a sale.

If you are not a Half-Life fan, but like FPS don't get this game. It's an average game and there are better and longer alternatives to this.

Replay value: Average
Rating: 6.5/10
Recommendation: Yes if you are a Half-Life fan. Otherwise stay away

===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☐ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☑ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☑ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☑ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: No
Singleplayer: Yes
It is good to sit down and play a wonderful game. In this addition, we will see with the eyes of guard Barney the horrors of the black meze. We take two liters of tea and gingerbread and immerse ourselves in the universe on June 12, 2001.
Yes we will arrive with you Lambda and Japan
A must play if you want more of HL1.

Everything is as good: the fights, storyline, puzzles, stupid scientists, except maybe for the music (very repetitive and doesn't always fit what's happening...)
People usually consider Opposing Force as better, but both are great overall. 


Blue Shift addon is made very well and it maintains the high standards established by the original game. The probability of getting satisfaction with Blue Shift is too damn high!
Half-Life Blue Shift takes place while Half-Life 1 takes place. You play as a security guard who does things while the events of Half-Life 1 unfold.

Overall the game is pretty fun, especially if there is any nostalgia feel for you. The game plays almost exactly like Half-Life 1, with the environment, weapons, enemies, and almost everything being the same as Half-Life 1 (DUH its the same time). There aren't as many creative ways to finish some of the levels and overall Half-Life Blue Shift is a bit less complex and a whole lot shorter.

If you are a Half-Life fan, this is a great game, especially since it sets up one of the main characters to come.

Rating: 8.8/10
Recommend Price: $2.49 or below
A very short but scintillating expansion. I honestly don't know or don't care why the reviewers scolded this little, innocent expansion so much. It shows us that cute Barney is also a murdering machine which is great I say. The game introduced the Half-Life HD pack. It also has some pretty original puzzles, making the copy-paste Half-Life gameplay a little more sufferable, for the third time in a row. It can't compare with Opposing Force with originality though. It doesn't add new weapons, but it is as full of details as the previous two games. It also has a happy ending, without you being obligatorily captured by G-Man. It features a great character named Dr Rosenberg that you will interact with and help him escape Black Mesa. Oh and you can see Gordon Freeman himself at least 3 times during the play. It's a must for any Half-Life fan, even though it's that short and not extremely inventive, gameplay and story-wise.
Not good at writing reviews but I'll try my best to cover everything :)
But before we continue I advise you to play the original Half-Life (Read my review for Half-Life [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/DranzerV1/recommended/70/] Here [/url] )

http://store.steampowered.com/app/70/

[h1] Review [/h1]
Half-Life: Blue Shift (HL:BS) is an expansion pack for Valve's FPS game Half-Life The Gameplay doesn't differ much from the original game
You play the role of Barney Calhoun a security guard for Black Mesa facility,the game takes place in the same universe as the original Half-Life your obejctive is to evacuate the scientists trapped inside black mesa and escape the with them but things change quickly as you encounter aliens and the commando group affiliated with US government known as the [b] Black Ops [/b] . I don't want to spoil the story anymore play this game and discover for yourself ;)

Let's jump to pros and cons

Pros:
+Extremely Challenging
+Hard to beat the enemies (even on easy difficulty)
+Variety of weapons (About 14-15)
+Amazing Graphics (For a video game that was developed in 2001)
+Nice Gameplay
+The game is challenging you won't be able to beat this game easily in Short It's not your average run and shoot game instead of hunting down waves after waves of enemies there are a lot of puzzles in the game you have to solve in order to proceed to next level only intelligent people are able to do so (Seriously)
+Great soundtracks
+Physics is perfect (almost)
+Maps are very detailed (for a game developed in GoldSrc Engine)
+Hard to beat enemies
+Great Environment (The feeling of being alone and surrounded by enemies from all sides)
+Mod Support

Cons:
-Extremely Buggy (It was difficult to complete the game I had to keep loading the same save file over and over again at some levels for example:-sometimes a door won't open,npcs wont respond,buttons wont work but loading the save file again would solve the problem xD)
-A VERY SHORT story

Overall Rating:-7.5/10
Although I did enjoy this game but due its short story I recommend you to buy it during the sale it doesn't deserve $5
This game is short and sweet. It retells the early parts of Half-Life's story from a different perspective. This game is more Half-Life with extra story elements; do not expect anything more.

If one plans on playing both expansions, play this one first. Otherwise, one may feel underwhelmed by this game after playing Opposing Force.
This is Half Life universe so enough said, go and play it. The only problem i have is the really short gameplay and weapon variety. That being said, keep calm and grab your crowbar and escape so you can have that beer with Gordon.
My personal favorite of the Half-Life Expansions.

You play Barney the security guard, just going through your normal routines. Helping scientists with degrees in theoretical physics and years of experience push an Elevator button. Unfortunately for you, that button somehow fucks everything up, and aliens invade Black Mesa, killing all. 

It's much shorter than the first, or even Opposing force, but in a way, it feels much more unique. Give it a try, I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.
*Sighs* Blue Shift is the Debby Downer of the HL1 franchise. I still love it, but I am disappointed by it at the same time. Its lazily short gameplay could've been so much more! But despite that, we still got to play as the man who promised Gordon Freeman that beer seventeen years ago. Barney Calhoun.
Half Life: Blue Shift, like Half Life: Opposing Force, is another perspective to the Black Mesa Incident where you play as a security guard for Black Mesa who's name is Barney Calhoun.

The game is really, really short. My playthrough was about 3 hours but I guess it makes sense since this game was originally an expansion. It has good level design but I'm disappointed that it didn't introduce new weapons like Opposing Force did, or even have any of the new weapons from Opposing Force. Also it didn't have any of the Race X aliens. 

[spoiler] Another thing I was disappointed about was that there wasn't a G-Man ending but I guess G-Man isn't going to be interested with everyone.	[/spoiler]

I'd give this game a nice 8/10 even if it was a bit too short.
On Guard!: the tale of the Black Mesa security guards is a great addition.

Pros:
- old skool gameplay
- everyone loves Barney
- a nice take on Half-Life

Cons:
- its difficult to remember any standout design moments

Summary:
You are a security guard at a facility that summons aliens and devastation due to scientists playing God. So get in there in this enjoyable FPS and save the day.

7/10: like the Blue Shift, it gets the job done.


[h1]All [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/boyflea/][i]boyflea[/i][/url] reviews can be found at [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33138741-Good-Indie-Free-Game-Reviews/][b]Good Indie Free Game Reviews[/b] [/url][/h1]

https://store.steampowered.com/app/717190
What enabled the resonance cascade? Surely, Freeman might have put the final nail in the coffin, but what more factors could have affected the outcome? A broken supercomputer, a malevolent Russian infiltrator; or perhaps an oversleeping scientist. The possibilities are torrential, and in retrospect anything seems conceivable ... perhaps the catastrophe could have been avoided?

[b]Meet Barney Calhoun[/b], a Black Mesa security guard. His job is simple; main objective: to protect facility equipment and research personnel. He may have Level 3 security clearance into the top-secret Sector B, but don't be deceived - Calhoun is an ordinary guy. But he is about to experience something extraordinary.
  The 16th of May started out just like any other day: the halls of Black Mesa are still somewhat empty,  tired staff grumbles their discontent over yet another early morning, the complex has not yet sprung to life. Calhoun is savoring the silence of the break of day; but suddenly something breaks the silence. Gunshots from down the corridor echoes throughout the vacant rooms. Down the hallway the shooting range has fallen victims to its first wielders, confirming the outset of a new day. A few guards steps through the entrance and greets Calhoun, as if just to confirm it further. 
  For an outsider the halls could be hard to navigate, but for the employees it's perfunctory. A left turn; another left; straight forward and to the right: Barney enters the locker-room. It's mandatory to wear your bulletproof vest at all times, and today is no exception. His locker creaks uninvitingly - as if auguring the imminent event - and it sends his 9mm pistol (it's standard-issue among the wardens) toppling to the ground with a resounding clunk. Some turned their heads, others couldn't be bothered. He picked it up and shifted its weight in his palm. The cold metal sent chills down his spine. Chills, in the most delightful meaning of the word. Barney Calhoun is ready for duty….

[b]Blue Shift[/b] is the second and ultimate expansion pack for Half Life, offering a final viewpoint on the legendary disaster. It contains the same elements you might expect from a Half-Life title: aliens, guns and puzzle-solving - heuristics can be the only way forward. But unlike its precursor, this standalone game do not feature any new substance. Gameplay remain identical to that of the original which hankering fans discerned as trite. In a lamentable juxtaposition of the series previous releases, Blue Shift received a lukewarm reception. Critics claimed it was somewhat abbreviated and largely regarded it as “more of the same”. Although; when it comes to Half-Life, more of the same doesn't sound that bad.
It's like half-life one but you're not gordon freeman. If you already have this game, or if it's less than a dollar, and you've played half life one, then recommended. It's highly amusing to see the references to what was going on during the whole time while freeman is doing freeman things. 11/10

If you didn't play half life one, then don't bother playing this, it'll just be like any other old clunky fps with bullet sponge enemies and a magnum handgun that hits harder than a combat shotgun. Unless that's your gig of course, then go right on ahead.
Pretty simple review:

[B]Did you enjoy Half life 1 or wish to experience a little more of the Black Mesa universe?[/B]
Give both expansions a go!

[B]Did you find Half Life 1 was a little too dated or lacking in action to finish?[/B]
Probably give the expansions a miss. A couple puzzles may make you stop and give a quick think/back track for a while but other than it it will be 2-4 hours of the same sort of gameplay from a difference perspective.

Personally Blue Shift play like a nice segment taken out of the middle of Half Life 1, more story than continual killing seen towards the Zen chapters.
Now I owe Gordon Freeman a beer.  Great! But to be serious, it's a great game, if you get it on sale. Graphics may not be on par with today's, but nethertheless it's good. 9/10.


On a side note, I hope they remaster this like they did with Half Life (Black Mesa).
[b]Blue Shift[/b], the 2nd of the three Gearbox expansions for Half-Life, re-tells the story of the Black Mesa Incident from Barney Calhoun's perspective. While undeniably short it stays true to the original Half-Life, in my opinion far closer than Opposing Force and Decay, as such if you enjoyed Half-Life you'll likely enjoy Blue Shift. 

I'd also like a moment to address those calling this lazy. Specifically complaints about lack of added content. Turn your attention to the High Definition Pack, which initially came with Blue Shift (now implemented in all HL steam releases) which added the option for HD models (found within settings) for each of the PC Half-Life games. Various changes were included, most notably increased polygon count on both character and weapon models. You can read more about this [url=http://half-life.wikia.com/wiki/Half-Life_High_Definition_Pack]here.[/url]
Really short, not much of a climax- extremely compact time scale, never terribly challenging. 

It's a serviceable expansion pack, and if you liked Half-Life, I'm sure you'll find this enjoyable.

I rate this 1/4-life
Half-Life: Blue Shift is a classic old expansion for the Half-Life universe.

PROS AND CONS:

+ Has the lovely Half Life vibe

+ Nice idea of being a guard in the Half-Life universe

+ Great gunfeel

+ It's half life lol

CONS:

- A lil short (2-4 hours)

- Has a few of the same environments as the main game

- Does not add that much new story to the Half life series.

Overall: 8/10 I really liked it but it is a bit more of just the same. For me that isn't a problem because I am a big fan of the franchise. But it definetly is a great expansion.
My favorite add-on for Half-Life where you can experience the Black Mesa institute from a security officer's eye point. Contrary to many old ported games, this one works well on modern wide screen resolutions which is an extra bonus point.
Half Dead Blu Shift (key) lets you play Barney Calzone, a security guard at Military Research Falcility called White Mesa. You go by your day to day life of killing military personnel with weapons that range from a Spaz 12 shotgun to a Bertette Pistol to a Crowbar, helping scientists escape when they really just want to walk a couple steps and give up because they don't like the sun, Go to a parralel dimension and see floating shit to activate a teleporter with no purpose, follow Gorgeous Freeman as he tries to escape White Mesa and shooting aliens with guns no security guard would have. It provides us with story leading up to Half Loaf 2, [spoiler] as Barney escapes with some nerds to a City of 17 or something[/spoiler].  If I could say anything, it would be that Barney Calzone is a delicious security guard.
It maybe not as good as the the orignal or OpFor but it's another perspective of the game.
I don't even care that it doesn't introduce new weapons and Sh*t it still gives me the vibes and awesome feelings as the previous games!!!
Half-Life: Blue Shift is a fantastic game. It tells the story of Barny Calhoun during the events of the original Half-Life. Things have changed, like not having armor you need to charge and can find on the floor. It's Shorter than Half-Life and Opposing force, only having eight chapters (two of which are 8 minutes long). I still reccomend it. It is just as good as all the other games. 9/10
Half-Life: Blue Shift gives the player a different view in someone else's eyes in the Black Mesa Research Facility incident. It was interesting to see what this character saw what happened during the craziness of the incident. Anywho it was quick, short and sweet but a really cool side-story game! Play this game if you're interested in a Half Life game with a different character view!
This thing is short but sweet. Its basically is a mini package of the original Half-Life with some of the level tropes that were in the original. Some puzzles were also a little challenging and took me quite some time to figure it out. However, I think I finished this in nearly... 2 hours 20 minutes, could be done in less than 3 hours. There were some cameos from the original game, including Gordon Freeman if you're interested.

However, I'd suggest you buy it as part of a bundle like Half-Life Complete or the Half-Life 1 Anthology, especially when on sale, cause this short but sweet thing is less than 3 hours long, and its priced at 5$, a price that can get you more with other games.
It's not quite as good as Opposing Force and it's pretty short, but it's still Half-Life.
This doesn't have any new weapons or enemies, but it does include a likable main character aside from Gordon which is something Half-Life and OF lacked, so that's new. I didn't really like the Xen part to be honest though. I'd already seen enough of Xen from Half-Life and Opposing Force, and it lost its luster by the time I reached it here.
Despite this, Blue Shift does have quite a few interesting/memorable areas/puzzles, many of which were different than what you'd seen in HL and OF. It had just enough to keep me engaged, so if you want more of the classic HL gameplay, this is for you.
It might be impossible to *not* get this expansion anymore, but it's short enough that it doesn't overstay its welcome.  Rather than Freeman, you play as a security officer by the name of Barney Calhoun.  He's also a mute, but unlike Freeman it's easier to explain why he can shoot guns really well.

Like the original Half-Life, there isn't much story here.  The goal/story is to escape the incident going on.  It's a good expansion and the puzzles might be much harder than the original game.  A certain bomb puzzle towards the end comes to mind.  Shooting in Half-Life has never been all that amazing mechanically and nothing changes here, but it does set up some satisfying, scripted moments.  A tank battle comes to mind here.

Grab it along with the original.
Like Opposing Force, Blue-shift is another take on the Black Mesa Incident. But you're a secuity guard now, so the Marines are your enemies again. It happens in-sync with the original games time. Opposing Force happens later in the event, making this and the original come first. It's a great game for how it depicts the Black Mesa Incident in another view-point. I find it a good game, even though I never found the guy who said he'd buy me a beer.
Well I remember playing Half-Life: Blue Shift when I was very young (I started gaming when I was 5 or 6 years old). I use to watch my Dad play Half-Life, Doom, and Quake. Blue Shift is a great expansion to Half-Life and adds some really good, enjoyable content. You need to play this. 10/10.
You get to play as a security guard whose normal routine of patrolling turns into alien fighting and shooting army units. The dude in this also appears in the later on HL2 games. Recommended to anyone who likes fps shooters. 10/10
Half-Life Blue Shift is good game cool story you seccurity guy kill Aliens Kill Stupid Military This Game is Good Half-Life Blue Shift is Best Half-Life Game in the World
[h1]The World Needs Half-Life: Blue Shift Soundtrack[/h1]

The game might not be as great or long as the other Half-Life add-on Opposing Force, but I enjoyed it as much as Half-Life 1.

If you are GoldSrc/HL1 fan, you gotta have this.
A nice return to a classic game scenario, but is far too short and fails to bring anything new to the series. While playing Blue Shift was fun, I would compare the experience to eating Chinese food. No sooner had I finished, than I wanted more.
Blue Shift is the second expansion on Half-Life, just like the first, it's Half-Life from a different perspective, this time from the perspective of a Security Guard at Black Mesa. It's not as good as the first expansion with no additions in weaponry, gameplay or new enemies and it's shorter. The puzzles are fun but other than that I can't find anything else exciting to it.
Blue Shift is about someone named Barney Calhoun, who I mentioned in the Half-Life 1 segment. I don't know why he has his own game but I guess it's kind of cool.

The game is the same as the first one, just with a different story, new locations, gman appears afew times again. Gman isn't as frequent as in the original one though. I don't really think Half-Life: Blue Shift is any different from the normal Half-Life but with a slightly different set of characters.

The puzzles in this one aren't as good as in Half-Life 1, they are far more easier than Half-Life 1. The puzzles aren't really good though. They are too easy, but the Half-Life 1 puzzles are sometimes difficult.

The story of Blue Shift wasn't my cup of tea. Not that bad though, still enjoyed the story a little bit. I didn't feel like Barney needed an expansion or side-story or whatever you want to call it. Anyway, Half-Life: Blue Shift doesn't need a long segment so I'm just going to give a final score.

Final score: 62%

I did not like it too much but it was still an alright game. Half-Life is a masterpiece developed by Valve, but the 2 expansions were developed by Gearbox. I think a different company other than Valve developing a Half-Life game is the reason it wasn't so bad. But, Gearbox did create a masterpiece before Blue Shift, Opposing Force!
