Arena shooters is something that slowly disappeared over the years. Games like Unreal Tournament and Quake gradually faded to give place to the more "realistic" and military-like games like Call of Duty and Battlefield.
Yep, that sucks.

But Loadout came to save the day.

Loadout brings back the glory days of arena shooters with it's fast-paced action, high focus on mobility and gore, gore, GOREEEEE.
But that's not all it has. It has something that is extremely important for me: sense of humor. And quite a weird one (in a good way).
This isn't your usual "gritty colorless srs bsns" shooter. No. This is a colorful game where you can be a guy wearing Billie Joe Armstrong's trademark black shirt and red tie, but forgot to wear pants, jiggling your junk around instead.

But after all this, I didn't even mention the best part, and the one thing that makes Loadout really unique: Weaponcrafting.
Yeah.
Forget the days where games gave you a limited amount of guns to play with. Here you make your dream gun as you wish.
Think of Borderlands gun system, except it isn't random, you have full control over it.
Make a fire minigun or an electric launcher of death, whatever you want, kill your opponents in an unique way every time.

Also, this game is P2W, but in this case meaning "Pay 2 Wang". Nothing that directly affects gameplay can be bought with money. You have to play to become stronger. But you can throw some cash at EoR to look totally FABULOUS while doing it.
All people who fiind this review helpfull want to revive loadout...;-;
!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!REVIVE LOADOUT!!!

In a nutshell, Loadout is a Muthafudging gem of a game, Great Visuals, Fast game plays and INTENSE matches with over the top cartoon violence and taunts that will have you laughing constantly (never gets old). I've been playing in the closed beta for a year now and the game has been improving leaps and bounds and I still see it getting better over time.  If you want a game that is fast pace has great visuals and game plays, then LOADOUT is your game! Come at me BRO!
F2P, The default weapons do enough damage to play with those who have crazy loadouts...  Bit of a learning curve to understand your weapons and their weapons...  Comical enough to be funny on the crude side so it's not for kids...
ALRIGHT KIDS GATHER ROUND AND LET ME TELL YOU A STORY

ONCE UPON A TIME THERE WAS A GAME CALLED LOADOUT
IT WAS EVERYTHING I WAS LOOKING FOR IN A SHOOTER: HECTIC UNREAL TOURNAMENT-STYLE COMBAT, CARTOONY ARTSTYLE THAT KNEW JUST HOW GOOFY TO BE, AND CRAZY, FUN WEAPONS THAT YOU BUILT YOURSELF OUT OF PARTS THAT YOU UNLOCKED BY PLAYING THE FRIGGIN' GAME. NONE OF THIS PAYWALL NONSENSE. YOU COULD UNLOCK PARTS USING THE PAID CURRENCY, BUT HONESTLY ANY WEAPON YOU COULD MAKE WAS JUST SO ABSOLUTELY CANDLESNIFFING BONKERS THAT IT DIDN'T FEEL LIKE YOU WERE AT A DISADVANTAGE FOR NOT HAVING UNLOCKED ANY PARTS

SURE THERE WERE ONLY THREE PLAYABLE AVATARS TO CHOOSE FROM, BUT ONE OF THEM WAS A BURLY BLACK GUY AND THE OTHER WAS A FAT LADY SO IT'S ALREADY CATERING TO THE TASTES OF 2018
BESIDES, THERE WERE SO MANY COSMETICS THAT IT DIDN'T EVEN MATTER

AND THE GUNS
SWEET EMPEROR'S PERT MALE NIPPLES DO NOT GET ME STARTED ON THE GUNS

IMAGINE A SYSTEM WHERE YOU COULD CREATE ALMOST ANY GUN YOU COULD THINK OF
THAT WAS LOADOUT'S GUN CRAFTING
WANT TO RECREATE THE ENTIRETY OF TF2'S CLASS WEAPONRY? YOU CAN DO SO
WANT TO MAKE A SNIPER RIFLE THAT SHOOTS LASERS INSTEAD OF BULLETS? YOU CAN DO SO
WANT TO BUILD A ROCKET LAUNCHER THAT EXPLODES INTO SEVERAL SMALLER ROCKETS THAT HEAL YOUR TEAMMATES? GUESS WHAT, CORNHOLIO 
YOU. CAN. BLEEDING. DO. SO.

BASICALLY, IF YOU COULD IMAGINE IT, YOU COULD BUILD IT.
AND YOU COULD CARRY UP TO TWO OF THESE ABSOLUTE UNITS INTO GLORIOUS COMBAT AT ONCE

JUST THINKING ABOUT THE POSSIBILITIES OVERLOADS MY SYNAPSES

SADLY, LIKE EVERYTHING GOOD IN THIS WORLD, LOADOUT BIT THE BIG ONE
EVERYONE ELSE HAS ALREADY TOLD THE STORY SO I WON'T BORE YOU INTO CONTEMPLATING SUICIDE

BUT LET ME JUST PROFFER A MASSIVE, THROBBING, ERECT, AND VERY ANGRY MIDDLE FINGER TO EDGE OF REALITY FOR KILLING SUCH A PROMISING, UNIQUE, AND LEGITIMATELY FUN SHOOTER THE LIKES OF WHICH WE'LL PROBABLY NEVER SEE AGAIN

ALAS, SUCH IS TO BE EXPECTED FROM A HACK STUDIO THAT USED TO BOTH DEVELOP AND PORT BOTTOM OF THE BARREL LICENSED GAMES

I CAN'T EVEN BRING MYSELF TO TRY AND BE WITTY HERE, THIS JUST MAKES ME SAD
LOADOUT WAS EVERYTHING I WANTED IN A SHOOTER, SO NATURALLY OUR LOVE COULD NEVER LAST
DON'T BE DECEIVED BY MY LOW PLAY TIME, I LOVED THIS GAME LIKE A POTENTIAL LIFE PARTNER
I WOULD HAVE GOTTEN GAY MARRIED TO THIS GAME
NO HOMO THOUGH



WHAT DO YOU MEAN THIS IS LATE
EAT OUT MY UNWASHED ANAL CAVITY
HOW'S THAT FOR LATE
pros: 
+[i] TRUE [/i] free to play, real money can only get you cosmetic stuff, taunts and  weapon slots. no pay2win/pay2unlock characters.
+Gun configuration sysyem is awesome
+active developers who listen to players, new maps and regular updates.
+comic gory cartoonish violence
cons:
-some loadouts like rocket launcher with jump boots/ shield with beam snipers became overpowered and numerous people started using it.
-after getting on playstation, they are changing game by undermining some pros like gun system..still the best free to play shooter.
The good:

-free!

-fun team gameplay modes

-fast team-matching. Usually in under a minute you're on the battlefield (EU servers) and you can find matches even at 6 in the morning

-you build your weapons yourself from a large collection of gun parts, so you can create weapons that fit your game style (e.g. one-shot sniper weapons with slow fire rate, or a gatling gun that rapidly sets your enemies on fire, or a rocket launcher whose rockets "crawl" along the ground, or a mine thrower to set up traps for the enemy...)

-funny over-the top violent graphics (especially the death animations), and pretty explicit taunts (fat women with half of their face off taunting your by twerking, naked guys who dangle their genitals, or a Rocky Balboa guy doing a pole dance, etc etc)

-you earn XP and in-game currency while playing, so you can unlock and buy more gun parts (e.g. healing ammo, bigger magazines, remote-controlled rockets) and equipment items (such as turrets, hand grenades, spawn points, deployable health packs) the longer you play. Mostly play-to-win (but only mostly, see below).

-It is just  a hell lot of fun to play!


The bad:

-if you've been playing 1st person shooters, then you will painfully notice that 3rd person shooters just offer a LOT less precision than 1st person shooters (because your 3rd person character can't stop moving in the middle of a step - so you can only move in "step" units across the map. In a game where precise movement is key, this is a big disadvantage (even though the devs do their best to hide this problem).

-if you've played serious arena shooters, you will at certain moments be annoyed by the graphics, because an overkill of on-screen effect overlays often times makes careful aiming impossible. If one enemy uses fire ammo, and another player shoots a healing rocket in the same area, you will just have red fire, blue tesla balls and green health goo all over your screen and won't be able to see the actual terrain, or the players you are trying to kill.

-some completely retarded designer thought that it would be a good idea that players have to press the shift key to run (instead of having run be the default and pressing shift to walk slow and sneaky). This has the effect that the ENTIRE time you play the game, you have to hold down shift!!! (because you want to the running around *all* the time, with some very few exceptions in "capture the hammer" mode).

-Most items sold for money in the store are only cosmetic, plus you can buy a booster pack that increases the rate at which your earn XP and in-game currency. BUT there are some important exceptions: Your character can carry TWO GUNS AND ONE EQUIPMENT ITEM (jump boots/hand grenades/turret/...). Such a combination is called a "Loadout". Every time you respawn after dying, you can choose which loadout you want to use. After playing a while, you will have quite a number of different guns and equipment items - but free players can have only a limited number of guns, and more importantly ONLY 3 LOADOUTS (ie gun+equipment combinations). So if you do not buy additional loadout slots for real money, you are at a bit of a disadvantage, since you can't use the right gun and item combinations. For instance, if your enemy has a really good sniper and has secured the base with turrets, you will need yourself a good sniper weapon to have a chance to get close, plus maybe the disguise equipment item (so turrets won't recognize you as an enemy, allowing you to just run past unharmed). If you are a paid player, you will have the right combination (sniper, plus close-range weapon, plus disguise) in one of your loadouts. If you are a free player with only three possible combinations, chances are you won't... Having said that, skill, strategy and good teamplay (especially a good healer) are definitely more important factors for whether your team will win.
This is a message for the developers : Please , don't abandon your game ! It's a very good game and It need to stay alive !!

This is a message for the players : Please , don't leave the game ! Stay playing at the game and try to bring more people in the game. We need to convice the devs to continue improving the game , and don't abandon it ! Don't let a great game disappear !

#reviveloadout 

This game died back in may 2018 when the game creators couldn't afford to update the game to new regulations and were forced to simply shut it down.

Bring back Loadout. Or sell it? Or something? We just want to play it again. Please EoR
I would request that people do not rate this game as thumbs down or bad if it is just because there is low population or zero. The game is great! Rate it max! Make a side note if you experience less players. I have noticed there are more players on than the reviews indicate. Rating it bad just because of low player population keeps people from downloading it due to poor "recent" ratings.
Man, RIP, this was the first game i played on my new laptop i bought with my own money when i was a kid in 2014, this game was THE shit, i honestly do not know what went wrong, this game had the potential to be one of the greatest free shoters games of all time, but people heavily uderestimated it, and i'm very sad about this.
May you rest in peace Loadout.
Back in my day, a distant time way back in 2014:

There was once a game called Loadout.
A game I saw on the digital store-shelf
"This looks fun no doubt!"
"I should try it"I think to myself

So I click install the game
and enter my name
and so it had started,
online fun that was lighthearted

Where was I going with this? Oh the game used to be amazing
Anyway now the game doesn't have many players anymore :(

Honestly a great game. This game nailed movement and weapon customization, and I'm sad to see it gone.
Because of it's movement, the combat always felt in motion. No where was safe, and standing still made yourself a sitting duck.
Because of the weapon customization, picking roles is now a suggestion. You want to be a medic with a minigun rocket launcher as a back up weapon? Go for it. You want mine launcher that electrovutes people? You can do that. You want to heal teammates by blowing them up with clusterbombs? That's a viable option. I was never one for customizing a weapon over a character, but this game makes weapon customization extremely fun and satisfying.

RIP Loadout
A game much underappreciated.
R.I.P.

Possibly one of the greatest games on steam has shut its doors forever! Fully custom weapons and characters with fun fighting mechanics and always a fair fight with whatever weapon you made, Nobody has the upper hand.

They closed servers because they couldnt afford a game with the player count only reaching double digits, Goodbye Loadout, all the people that remember the fun times will miss you
Loved this game, always thought I will play it again some time in future, now I read that it almost dead... a part of me just died.... I will forever remember it and miss it alot all my life.... hope it will somehow get resurrected....
I've played enough to know that this game has potential.  This game is how you do Free to Play, the correct way.  #ReviveLoadout (as fo 8/22/2018 the game is not active due to shutdown of servers).
It's a very dead game but honestly I can't leave myself a bad comment to this game. Loadout is the tits. I mainly think of it like  a Team Fortress 2 style deathmatch game. The graphics, physics, and weapons are awesome. Only complaint is that they should allow us to earn currency that we can spend to buy new outfits, weapon mods, and such. Not limit it only to be bought with real money.
This game is packed with fun mayhem and more weapon mods then you can shake a stick at.
get a few doods and doodettes together, get your weapons together and have fun.
This game fuckin' ROCKS, lemme tell ya why:

Pros:
+Fun multiplayer
+Fun weapon customising
+Easy to join up with friends
+Decent F2P model
+Weapon variety
+Map variety
+Fairly easy to get used to

Cons:
-Game balance is sometimes screwy
-Some weapon mods are clearly better than others
-It takes a lot of time to get weapon mods and levels

Sounds good, right? Well...

These next cons make the game fuckin' SUCK, lemme tell ya why:

-This game is abandoned
-The devs used the PC version as a beta for their PS4 version
-They even announced that they weren't gonna keep working on this
-They're shutting down servers, and they already have shut down servers in Australia, making it unplayable there
-If you don't have a PS4, good fuckin' luck playing this game

FINAL SCORE: 3/10

In short, this game was fun before the devs abandoned it. Now, they've left Steam in the dust, with basically a middle finger to anyone who invested time and money into their game. Thank God I didn't spend any money in this game.
Well, as you can see, I have 456 hours into this game... hell, I even played beta.

I used to pass up overtime at work just to run home and play this.

Literally the ONLY thing the devs needed to do to keep this game alive was more levels and finer damage tweaking. Everything else was perfect, and EVERYONE on their forum said exactly the same.

Did they listen? Nope. Fat chance. They made a piss poor attempt to grab the Playstation crowd. In doing so, they neglected everyone that helped them get to where they were. They added an absolutely (unless you're farming) useless single player game mode. They compltely revamped the entire weapons system. 

Why did they do this? Who knows.
For the record. The fan base didn't die. It didn't even so much as fizzle.
The DEVS RAN IT INTO THE GROUND. 
It looked almost intentional as everyone on the forum (me included) thought they were kidding with the moves they spoke of. We begged and pleaded for them not to alter anything. We had people pour countless hours into testing and gathering data...FOR THEM...FOR FREE.
But, it was all for not.

I'd like to take this opportunity to give a big SCREW YOU to the devs for ruining possibly the greatest game I've ever played. There was never a dull moment.
It has been more than a year now...the devs have completely abandoned the game for the PS4 console version.  Trust me, this is not an exaggeration.  PC hasn't been patched in ages, while the console version recieves multiple upgrades with new maps, game modes, voice chat, etc.  That's right folks, the PC version doesn't have voice chat, and the console version does.  Just checkout the Loadout home page's news feed.  I spent several months playing this game and supporting it through microtransactions (cosmetics), and they completely ditched the PC fanbase.  

Edge of Reality is a disgrace.  They aren't even upfront about it, and instead put us off with fake promises.  Screw you guys!
It's sad to say, but after years of playing this game (and around 350 hours of my life), I have to leave Loadout a negative review. The reason for this is simple - the devs have given up on the PC version of this game in favor of the cash-grab that is the PS4 version. Forgetting their roots, the Loadout team has cut ties with the PC world in a real way - they've outright admitted that they are not planning on supporting the PC version of this game any longer. This means that all the problems which are present - unbalanced weapon builds, buggy game types (jackhammer, I'm looking at you), tiny map variety, and unfinished game dynamics - are never going to be improved upon.

After a lot of thought, I played my last Loadout match today. This game used to be great - one of my favorites - but the team that made it great has decided to cut off its head. Oh well, onto the next game, I suppose.
A good example reflecting the greed of the devs, who completely abandon the faithful PC fanbase, and ONLY focus on making the game "playable and better" on the PS4.

Devs, you let us down, real bad !
Used to be the best free-to-play shooter out there -- with tons of updates and incredibly fun skill-based gameplay, now has been sadly abandoned by the developers for over a year, leaving only a pile of dust and lies behind. And to think I actually thought about getting on the micro-transaction train with this. I feel less cheated than I feel sad.

"Most importantly, we are 100% dedicated to adding more content to Loadout such as new weapon parts, maps, game modes, and much more."

You had a good run, Loadout.
Please enjoy some excerpts from the Loadout's Privacy Policy (still current as of September 2014):

When you are playing or otherwise using the Game, the Game may monitor your Device to learn about your gameplay behavior, player stats, and purchasing, as well as other information...The Game may also monitor your computer’s random access memory (RAM) and your Device...In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies such as cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, browser analysis tools, and web server logs. As you use our Loadout Applications, your browser and devices communicate with servers operated by us, our business partners and our Product and Service providers...We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our Loadout Applications and the website you visit after you leave our Loadout Applications...The information from cookies and related technology is stored in web server logs...Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return, track and target your interests... “Persistent” cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser. We use persistent cookies for a number of purposes...

The above terms can be found on their website:  http://www.loadout.com/privacy-policy/

The list of these offenses goes on and on! If you don't mind a company knowing and selling everything about you, then accept this agreement and create an account. As for me and the other concerned people on Steam: NO WAY!


What's even more concerning is the fact that [i]I declined the Privacy Policy[/i] (which is displayed only after you enter all your private information), but out of curiosity, I jumped back into the game to see if it saved my e-mail, username, password, etc. and IT DID!
I DO NOT, AND DID NOT, GIVE CONSENT TO THIS COMPANY RETAINING OR USING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION with such a terrible Privacy Policy!


*****UPDATES*****

May 1, 2014 -- I just received one of their mass distribution/list e-mails from them today (announcing the new 3.0 update)! [b]So, even though I DID NOT Consent to their privacy policy or finalize my account creation with them, they STILL recorded and utilized my private information for advertising.[/b]
There is something wrong with this companies data usage if they can't even differentiate between data they collected/stored erroneously (which should have been destroyed when one of the parties did not agree to the contract), and those persons of whom they actively store, sell, and track details.

June 6, 2014 - I'm still on this company's e-mail list!?! I just received an e-mail update announcing 4.0...Why are they still using my e-mail?!?
June 7, 2014 - Yet another e-mail sent to me about this game coming to the PS4. I wish someone had warned me about this company's spam and advertising policy before all of this.
June 20, 2014 - Another e-mail about their Summer Sale stuff. Please stop!


[b]FINAL UPDATE[/b]:  I did block the e-mails since the unsubscribe never seemed to work for me. I do not appreciate the constant nasty comments personally attacking me and cursing me for disagreeing with this company's Privacy Policy. I might respond in the comments, but don't expect me to...I don't play the game, and you can take the review for what it's worth, meaning focused on the Privacy Policy.
Lastly, I get a lot of people commenting that Steam does this the exact same thing as this developer. Please read the Steam Privacy Policy here: 
http://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
The only few items related are pixel tagging for account security (to prevent theft of your account authorization). You [i]will not see any RAM monitoring/capturing, monitoring web browsing activity, or sharing of your personal information with third parties[/i]. As for comparing Loadout's Privacy Policy with companies like Google...come on. You can choose what sites you want to visit, the same way I can choose not to use Google, or play this game with it's terrible Privacy Policy. Please think people.
This game really was hella fun. It WAS. Maybe it still is, but the devs have abandoned this game for good. No updates are coming out. There are some things that could change, for example the game's missing some animations n' stuff. Playing on the same maps over and over again gets boring. It's a f2p game, it should have 50 maps, not 5.
Really, this game could easily become one of the top f2p games on Steam, but, as I said in the beginning, it's slowly dying, the playerbase is getting smaller and smaller.
Even though this truly is one of the best arcade shooters I've ever played, I'd not suggest you playing more than 10 hours or spending any money on this game, it's not worth it.
This game is a great pile of wasted potential.
Thank you, goodbye.
This game was legendary.
This game was extremely enjoyable.
This game was really good and it was played by a decent amount of people.
Now the game is dead.
#reviveloadout
Loadout was once upon a time a great game a few years ago, sadly there neglect to the community and removal of Oceanic servers and lack of support led to its downfall. I regret spending money on this game.
The game is DEAD.  
Developer no longer exists. No more updates, fixes or anything else.  
Servers could shut down whenever.  
Do not spend any money on the game!
NOTE: The steam counter for how many hours I've played is not accurate.

Loadout was one of my favorite multiplayer shooters I have ever played. I only spent a few hours on steam, but I've spent more than 50 hours on the ps4 version. I decided to jump back into the PC version and now I have a verdict on this version.

Loadout is a very unique F2P shooter. You have the ability to create different combinations of weapons and use them to blow up or dismember your opponents. You have a lot of options and every combination is fun to create and fun to use in  combat. 

The game also had a very smart approach to Free to play. The game allowed you to use the money for gun parts which didn't make the gun over powered. 

The player base is currently still alive and kicking and you can jump into any game mode without any trouble.

All the game modes are incredibly fun, so if you get sick of one game mode you can quickly jump into another without a problem.

You might be asking yourself, why I'm giving this game a negative review then if all the things that I listed make the game seem awesome. Well the reality is the PC version is terrible compared to the PS4 version.

The game has been abandoned by the developers, who announced that the servers will shutdown and not to mention no updates for a while now.

Some connection issues also ruin the fun of the game, but that rarely happens so I doubt you will run into that problem.

In the end this game is incredibly fun, but the devs abandoned the game, so there is next to no reason to play the PC version. If you have a PS4 that is the place to play the superior version of the game.

Final Rating:
4/10 - Don't bother with the PC version

If you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you dislike post in the comments on what you disliked about the review.

For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator page [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/snortsreviews#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!
It's really hard to say I don't recommend this game. I played lots of this game during release, and I just want to play but it was abandoned. no community, no players, no devs, no anything. I would have recommended this game 2 years ago but now, ... *sigh* I just can't.
don't bother with this game

there are no more servers left (in Australia that is), no more updates, nothing!


the truth about Edge of Reality is that they used the PC version to beta test the game so they can make it better for the PS4 version and "ONLY" the PS4 version.


this whole time I thought I was helping out devs with their game only to discover that Loadout was actually intended for PS4 only and not PC.

all the servers, updates etc are happening on the PS4 while the PC version is being left in the dust.

thank the lord I didn't spend any money on this
I hate you devs....


I really do, you done fucked up this wonderful game.

It was so good yet your stupid business decision made it a ghost town.

Shame on you. Shame. On. You.
It was fun even when they nerfed sniping.
It was fun even when they made gun parts drop at chance.
It was still fun when they added bots.

Then they moved the game and thus their focus to PS4 hoping to make money there. They were wrong.
The steam version has remained neglected for over 2 years now and this is now a dead game.

But you can still fight bots though...
tl;dr: The game was abandoned. You may still play it but don't spend any cash on it.

I bought Steam Launch Starter Pack in June 2014. I played the game a bit and I loved it but I removed it shortly after that. So a few days ago I decided to give it a try again. I bought Blutes and XP boosts and I tried to play the game again. I thought people still play Loadout. Boy, was I wrong.

Turns out the game was almost completely abandoned. It used to have about 30 000 people playing it at the same time, now this number is closer to 500. I have a feeling most of them randomly found Loadout on Steam Store, saw it's free and decided to play it a bit. Casual matchmaking is still possible — just select European or American servers depending on time of a day.

Moreover the game was abandoned by its developers. It used to get updates almost every week. Now they won't even add PvE mode (PS4 received it almost right after launch in January 2015). After PS4 launch Loadout's creative director left the development team. Shortly after that 12 people working on Loadout were fired and the game does not receive any more content.

So don't do the same mistake as I did: do not invest money in this game, it's dead. Feel free to try it. It's sad actually, the game itself is pretty decent. I have a feeling Edge of Reality is going to keep servers running until they can cover expenses. They already shut down Australian servers.
Loadout used to be a fun game when it came out, but seeming the devs took all of us pc gamers money to build the game just to say "Hey lets take pc gamers money, and desert them and focus on ps4". How do the devs thinks that makes us pc gamers feel about the game. Even if i had a ps4 i would not recommend this game the devs just stole our money and deserted us!
It's a shame that this game had to fall flat. I was a beta tester when the game first started making it's rounds, and I felt like it carried a really unique experience. The gameplay was tight, fluid, and most importantly, an insane amount of fun. The gun crafting had it's own balance issues, but sometimes it was so fun to mess around with combinations that it wasn't just building the best or most effective gun, rather one that fit your playstyle. I had really high hopes for this game, and even purchased in-game items to, in hopes, support the developers and continue to help this game thrive. It's really upsetting to see its dead store page lying around when the game had so much potential. It was good while it lasted.
I cannot recommend this game, at least not anymore. Unfourtunatly this game died several years ago. Little to no players are on the servers at all. The PVE mode only exists on PS4 and the Devs no longer support the PC version, instead they throw all their money at the PS4 version forgetting this Steam release version of the game. We got the betas for the main game AND the PVE but Play station got the full thing. It was a dream come true for someone like me to finaly have a game that allows for so much weapon customization, it's just too bad it died before it even could improve on alot of it's flaws. If you don't mind an empty game, this game can be a great pass time as a VS Bots mode exists and can be played without human players, however, I cannot recommend it for a more serious gamer.
I remember when this game first popped out. Plenty of updates, fun gameplay, rather populated.

Then things slowed down, and died out. Promises went unkept. People began to leave. Things began to fall apart.

Now it's nothing more than an unfinished, empty husk, abandoned on the Steam Storefront.

Abandon hope, all ye who come near this game,  for there is nothing for you here but sadness, and dismay.

Edit, December 13th: The servers are gone. It's now officially dead. Not even worth the hard drive space at this point.
I loved this game when it came out. Such a shame to see the developers have abandoned a game with great potential. Multiplayer servers are empty and there's only five maps. I hate writing a negative review on this but, others must know to steer clear.
Seems like devs abandoned the game... Used to be so much fun but it honestly get repetitive REALLY fast... Seems like the devs are still active on Playstation, tried it out and it was a lot of fun there. If you have a PS4 then try it out.
100+ hours and it was hella fun. like 3-4 years ago before dev team abandonded sucking money from us then went to ps4 leaving us alpha/beta players in the dust with all out money. found this reddit just now as of may 24 2017. it was posted 2 years ago from today but ill let him explain everything you need to know about now wasting the time to download
"Anyone who has been following Loadout for some time already knows that the game was and still is a mess. Glad management finally decided to accept Loadouts fate, and laid off the top 12 devs related to Loadouts creation and on going opperation.
It is a sign of dire finacial crisis within Edge of Reality (the games dev company), and with any luck the game will cease to exist within the year ( PC servers will be on the chopping block first no doubt).
The games development was derailed by a desperate cash grab and push for a gimmicky PVE mode / PS4 port which began around June 2014. This was a knee jerk responce to a rushed and failed PC launch that happened early Jan of 2014. Nearly 30k players dissapearing from game servers within the first 3 months ( servers that could barley handle the player influx from the very start). Development for features on the PC suddenly became non existant with all focus being put on the creation of the new mode and port. The original PC community was abandoned and for nearly 6+ months the game saw no content updates ( the PC game actually STILL has not been updated). Then only weeks after the luanch of the PS4 port and PVE game mode in January of 2015, the games creative director leaves the team, and within half a month of that, 12 of the games dev team are laid off by management.
Needless to say the PS4's playerbase and cash intake are nearly par with that of the failing PC counterpart.
Loadout, a game that always had scummy intentions with its development, always had a focus on over priced micro transaction cash shop cosmetics over actual core gameplay mechanics (Mardi Gras update) . Clearly the game was marketed toward people with more money then brains, with Loadouts dev team constantly asking its community to "lower your standards and expectations of Loadout".
Lower standards indeed. 
Not to mention the flat out lies by the games developers on the intentions and directions of the game. A game which at first was described to "borrow elements and compeitive focus of titles such as League of Legends", suddenly became "a game that never had competitve intentions" and even to go as far as becoming a PVE focused game. Even the game's engine, which was claimed to be an original creation, was in fact purchsed from SquareEnix as an early build of an unfinished Contra reboot ( notice Axl looks allot like the main char from Contra...)
A game that was intended to focus around creating billions of unique weapons, a weapon crafting system that was the only thing in the game helping to differentiate it as a unique title on the gaming market, the development of said system was the lowest priority task by the game's lead designer.
The game was always putting the cart before the horse and frankly its awsome to see the game getting what it deserves with the loss of the game's core development team.
Theres a few people out there who may be familair with who I was in the Loadout community and for those out there reading this, "welp I told ya so". There may have been a grain of salt to all my salt afterall.
If there ever was a handbook on how NOT to develop a competitive online PVP game it would have to be titled, "Loadout"."
there ya have it
games dead
RIP fam
This was an incredibly fun game.
unfortunately, it's dead. the devs have moved on to console (questionable decision) and forsaken this version completely. it's fun to test out new weapon combo's, but if you can't play then you're sh*t out of luck.

it was incredibly fun, mind you.
just a shame the devs dropped it like they did, a lot of youtubers played it and it had a good amount of fans. could've been a big game.

*EDIT* i didn't know the full story, so read that if you want to (it's in the comments down below). the devs wanted to avoid banruptancy by going to console, it didn't work. 2 employees remain nowaways.
This game was amazing. It died out becuase Costumes were rediculously overpriced, so no-one bought anything (eg, $10 for a cigar, $25-50 for pants, $10-50 for a shirt, $20 to go shirtless? PER CHARACTER?)


And yes, I can complain. I actually bought 3 sets of gear for 2 of the avatars, and one for the chick.
Used to be a great game, till the devs thought it'd be smart to leave behind the pc users for playstation players... EXTREMELY upsetting. do not recommend.
This game is tragic in every sense of the word.  It looked to be a fantastic, cartoonish, and bloodsoaked fragfest.  Imagine games like Team Fortress and Quake, but with no censorship of gory violence, gleefully cranked to the heights of absurdity.

I suck at PvP games, and yet this one, with the chance to improve your gear slowly, and the chance to customize weapons offered something more.  The devs even picked up the idea of a full PvE campaign.

I don't know what would have resulted, but I am confident that it would have been nothing short of magnificent.  The tragedy is that the devs went out of business, ran out of money, and or abandoned the game.

There was something wonderful here... but it's dead now.  The potential and future are squandered, lost, and wasted.

That's a shame.  I would have loved to see what this would have become.

There's nothing wrong with the game itself; it's a fun, fast-paced shooter with more customization than you'll ever need (but just enough to sate what you want.) However, the game's basically been abandoned by the devs, so don't invest money into it.
"PvE is coming!"  - august 2014.

This is basically an abandoned game, don't bother with this crap.  Go support somebody who actually wishes to support the playerbase instead.  
Edge of Reality, screw you guys!
This game was a hell of a lot of fun when i started playing it. Hell i think at one point it was the 3rd most popular F2P game on steam. But a few years ago the devs completely abandoned it for the PS4 version. It was like a kick in the face for any early supporter of this game. I think the devs have gone bankrupt now and no longer make content even for the PS4 version. It is terrible to see such a great game that had a medium-Large player base get destroyed because of asshole devs
Las night, I installed Loadout again. I have played it in the past and I was a great fat of this kick-ass-fun game. But now it is dead as my grand grand grand grandmother whose name I don't know. 

It is sad to see that developers are willing to destroy a game with so much potentian, all for some bucks. If ther stayed true to the game, and followed Dota 2/Cs:Go philosophy, this game could be now at the top of the world next to other beasts.

SAD. 1/10
