At first I was a bit hesitant to play this game because I don't typically like fantasy RPG themed games.  I do like games that have deep and mature narratives.  I also like games with complex combat mechanics.  I heard that this game was very good at these things, so I decided to give it a try.

The story is  very good.  It is also very complex so it is important to pay attention to the dialog.  Player choices definitely have an impact on the game world and many choices are morally ambiguous which tie-in well to the mature theme of the story.  What impressed me the most was how much impact player choice dynamically altered the game world and the direction of the story.  The game has 8 different endings based on the player's decisions.  This is also the only game that I have ever played that completely alters the main quest line depending on these choices.  This means that you will not see every main story quest, characters and locations unless you play the game through multiple times.  Many games that change the world based on choices usually do so using trickery that gives you the "illusion" of choice.  The developers of this game actually took the time to create all of the extra story content instead of using tricks and this gives the Witcher 2 a ton of replayability.

The combat system in this game is also very deep and challenging.  You will carry a steel sword to take care of humanoid opponents and you will carry a silver sword to deal with monsters.  Knowing when to switch is important to dealing proper damage to your target.  Combat also requires proper preparation so the player will need to know how and when to use magical signs, place traps, drink potions, oil swords and use bombs and other Witcher tricks to get the job done.  Simply wading into the combat only slashing away with a sword will often times get you killed.  Combat can take some time to get used to and is definitely a refreshing departure from simply auto targeting and mashing a single button.

Visuals are very impressive and it is very apparent that the developers took a lot of time in creating the environments for the game.  Music is outstanding and the score sets the tone appropriately.

One of the few downsides that I can think of is the disparity of the difficulty levels.  Normal difficulty can be daunting with the complex combat mechanics and is a bit harder than the normal difficulty level of similar games.  Easy is a nod to RPG beginners, but is so easy that you can ignore most of the combat mechanics and simply survive every encounter by using only the swords.  The only other downside that I had with the game was related to map design.  I found navigation on some of the maps to be overly complicated and I spent a lot of time simply wandering about trying to find a way to get to certain points on the map.  Other than these two small quibbles I found the game design to be very solid and entertaining.

Lots of content in this game.  My playthrough took about 40 hours doing most of the side activities, and I mostly took my time without rushing things.  Additional playthroughs would be required to see the other 7 endings and to play the other story paths leading up to those endings.  You can easily get hundreds of hours out of this game if you wanted to explore all of these options so lots of replay value as I mentioned earlier.

I highly recommend this game.  I understand that the Witcher 3 is supposed to expand to a much more open world environment and have even more non-linear story options.  After playing Witcher 2 I am looking forward to playing the upcoming sequel when it comes out.
If you're reading this review, you probably want to know if this game is worth the money, and time. Assuming you're into rpg's (otherwise i don't see any reason you're here), and want to get your mind blown away, then this game is for you. I can't possibly describe how fantastic Witcher 2 is. While the "general" story might not be something outstanding, the way you progress through it, the way you interact with people completely engulfs you into the experience, and you won't even realize when it's already 5 am, and you've been playing for 12 hours at least. This is partly because of the side missions. Unlike other rpg's where they are mediocre at best, and mainly consist of something like "Get to point B, Talk to someone, Return, ????, PROFIT", side missions in Witcher 2 are self contained stories, some of them being more enjoyable than the main game itself. And of course if you don't want to do them for whatever reason, you'll miss A LOT. 
Another thing at which Witcher 2 excels is the combat. While at low difficulty you should be able to complete the game by "pressing X to win", other difficulty settings require knowledge, thinking, and tactical aproach. You'll have to create mixtures, craft weapons and armor, find or buy herbs and recipes, just in order to be able to survive. While this might be confusing, and hard, trust me that it's not. It's understandable, it's logical, and requires just a little bit of initial effort. 
At this point you're probably thinking "Yeah, cool, i'll go buy it", and you won't be wrong in any way. BUT, be advised that while this is a great looking game, it isn't particulary well optimised,  and you may find yourself struggling even at minimum settings if your PC isn't powerful enough.  
So what is my score for the game? Definitely 10/10. I really do think it's such a good game.
Warning before buying this game TOO MUCH PLOT.
Do you like games with main stories with perfect, detailed, explanation?
Do you wanna rush main quests like maniac, to learn what's next?
Do you like multiple characters in main quest with their own stories and desires?
Do you wanna know who's behind everything?
Do you like to get the ability of choosing your character's fate?
Are you a hardcore gamer? (Play this on the Insane Difficulty)
Do you have bad pc?
Then this game is for you!
It's really unmissable when on sale it only costs 3$..
First off, know that The Witcher 2 is not a game that will hold your hand. If you're thinking about purchasing this, know that to get the most out of this game you need to be prepared to fully immerse yourself in the experience and pay attention to what is going on. This a game which deals with many adult themes such as politics, racism and sex to deliver a mature and complex game supported by rich lore and stunning visuals. 

The writing and storytelling is exceptional throughout and the moral ambiguity and choices are second to none. The gameplay, in particular the combat, is an acquired taste but offers a refreshing level of depth and potential for improvisation when compared to games in a similar genre. Sound design and voice acting is also of high quality, with the environments coming to life through impressive visual and audio support and characters each sporting distinct personalities and prejudices.

It is also worth mentioning that if you have played the first Witcher game, your choices and gear will be reflected via an imported save in The Witcher 2, however the choices have limited effect and it is not necessary to play the first game to enjoy the second (however you will be at a slight disadvantage in some situations).

In my honest opinion the experience as a whole is unparalleled, and The Witcher 2 is easily the most enjoyable and immersive RPG I have played in recent memory. I would also advise reading the books by Andrezej Sapkowski as these offer an interesting insight into the protagonist's past. But back to the game, overall I would highly recommend The Witcher 2 to anyone with at least a passing interest in the RPG genre, it is the definition of a complete gaming package with spectacular production values and a lasting impression.
As a major improvement from the first title(the first is still a fantastic game, don't get me wrong), The Witcher 2 marks a milestone not only for CD Projekt RED, but a landmark for which other games fall short of.  Too often a game preaches where choices matter and regardless of what you choose the outcome is the same.  This title puts you back in the hands of Geralt of Rivia; however, this time, the consequences of your actions merit even greater twists and deeper turns.  Not only changing the NPC's outlook on you; instead, you may find yourself in a completely different area of the game had you chosen your actions otherwise.  To stack on the improvements, this game features a much smoother combat system and graphical enhancements so beautiful, you will need a new F12 key (screenshot) by the time you finish this story once.  

As an avid explorer of games, one play through of this game granted roughly 50 hours of play time on Hard difficulty.  With bigger titles for $60 giving a mere 10 hours of game play, at $20 this instalment is a steal already, let alone when it is discounted.  If you enjoyed the first game, or even if you hated the first game and couldn't get over the combat, this should make its way to your library.
Here's the truth:

- CD Projekt Red announces Cyberpunk 2077. 
- I never played any of the Witcher games till then.
- "Oh no gotta play Witcher 3 everyone's crazy about it"
- But I like a good story, can't skip Witcher 1 and 2.
- Play Witcher 1 - 40+ hours - dammit.
- Play Witcher 2 - 30+ hours and not really an open world but still an amazing story and totally into the characters - dammit.
- Play Witcher 3 - 50+ hours and not even finished 20% of the game - dammit.

I promise you though, when you are old and dying and look back on your life and wonder where did I waste my time, this will not be one of them. Totally worth it.
Originally released in 2011, The Witcher 2 flew under the radar for a lot of people and was overshadowed by the ever-popular Skyrim. While not as well known, The Witcher 2 offers a much stronger narrative along with solid gameplay, beautiful graphics, and varied areas.

You once again play as the Witcher; Geralt, who finds himself protecting King Foltest of Temaria after an assassination attempt. Ultimately, the second attempt succeeds and Geralt is framed for the murder. After escaping from a Temarian dungeon, Geralt decides to track down the real kingslayer in order to clear his name while trying to piece together his fragmented memory.

The game is separated into three chapters each with their own main area along with a handful of side-quests. These areas are structured and paced well, allowing room for exploration without straying too far from the main storyline. The decisions you make along the way directly influence the narrative and can have a dramatic effect on the rest of the game. For example; decisions made in the first chapter can completely change the second, allowing plenty of room for re-playability. The game also features multiple endings, which vary based on your choices.

The choices are morally ambiguous; there is no clear right or wrong answer in most cases. It’s more about choosing a side and watching the events unfold. While the first Witcher game focused more on slaying monsters, Geralt is trapped in the middle of political turmoil in this installment. These elements of the story add an additional level of complexity and immersion as the game feels almost similar to a season of Game of Thrones. Playing the first game is by no means necessary to enjoying The Witcher 2 as it provides plenty of backstory as well as a solid and cohesive narrative.

The combat is solid as the game will have you balance between swordplay, magic, as well as parrying and dodging. The use of traps can also add an additional level of strategy and planning to most encounters. There is also the inclusion of alchemy, allowing Geralt to drink various potions each with different passive bonuses as well as negative side effects. The potions are generally used on a trial and error basis though, since Geralt isn’t able to use them during combat. The game does provide a reasonable challenge, especially on the harder difficulties, which is refreshing compared to a lot of other titles released these days.

Orens, the main currency in the game is rather scarce, placing a large emphasis on crafting. The crafting system is solid and will have you hoarding as many resources as possible in order to create various armor, traps, weapons, and upgrades.

CD Projekt Red is a company that really loves their fans. While other developers release paid DLC, CDPR released an Enhanced Edition at no additional cost which added multiple cut-scenes, quests, and additional polish. 

The soundtrack is fantastic, as it really adds an epic feel to the game. The voice acting for the main characters is top-notch while some of the acting for the additional characters is re-used but that is to be expected considering the overall length of the game.

The graphics are absolutely stunning, as the environments are extremely detailed and varied. The character models and armor look great, although the facial animations can be a bit stiff and lifeless at times. You really have to look hard for low-res textures as even the smallest objects are carefully rendered.

Overall, The Witcher 2 is a game that should be played by anyone that is a fan of the genre. It features benchmark graphics, a top-shelf narrative, and offers plenty of content along with elements of re-playability.

For a much more detailed and thorough review, here’s a video I edited together for my friend Trent:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEPbEpWHMeo

The Witcher 2 also made our list for the greatest games released over the past 8 years. If you’re curious to see how it stacks up, check out:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWIHmom_lP4

Pros:
+ Choices actually shape the game adding elements of re-playability
+ Excellent graphics
+ Engaging main quest and side quests
+ Combat massively improved from the first title
+ Solid Voice Acting

Cons
- No potions in combat can lead to trial and error
- Stiff Facial Animations
- I experienced a few bugs and random crashes. (This wasn’t a huge deal though since the game has frequent auto-saves.)


If you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/
Witcher 2 is my favorite game. It is a solid RPG with a lot of action and a brilliant story. It is very mature in a lot of its themes and situations. This game is based on novels written by a Polish authornamed  Andrzej Sapkowski. You play as Geralt, a Witcher, or a genetically enhanced monster hunter. They have been described as a kind of warrior monk. Geralt drinks special potions that let him far exceed the abilities of normal humans. These potions are needed to battle the various beasts of the realms. Witchers also have a very limited understanding of magical energy called Witcher's Signs. Basically the Signs are spells, like a fireball and a paralysis trap spell and a few others. Geralt is an interesting character because he is not quite human but hes not a monster either. Due to their methods and abilities, however, many in the world see Witchers as freaks and monsters. Which is really what the game's ideology is all about; the greyness in everyone, not the clear cut black and white. Which to me, is a welcome change from the usual: 1) "hey I'm a good guy I will help you"  2) "Not my problem Kachinsky" 3) F*** YOU F*** FACE," that many other game are notorious for.  Geralt is often put in positions of just making a choice, not good or evil, just difficult decisions that have a lot of positives and negatives to them. The story is top notch, and eerily real in many of the stuggles of the world. 

Geralt has a set of skill trees (sword, magic, alchemy) that the player can advance in any way. All into one or spliced between the three. Sword fighting is a core mechanic though, so no matter how you play, Geralt will always have two swords. A silver sword for monsters, and a normal sword for humans. There are a few other weapons too but mostly its swords. Depending on the player preference combat can be a bit like the Batman games, or the Assassins Creed games. In some ways it can be like Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Weapons and armor play a big part as well and can effect all of the skill trees. Making the game very balanced between gear and character tree choices. Not to the crazy levels of a Diablo game but enough to make for a very quality rpg.

Mostly though, Witcher 2 is a lot like skyrim. I do not want to bash on skyrim here, it is also a great game that a lot of people absolutely love. I feel, however, that Witcher is far better than skyrim and think the people that love skyrim should try the Witcher. Both games have the northern lore and feel. Witcher 2 is no where near as large or open as skyrim. Witcher is much more linear but the story and combat and the world just feel so much better in every way to me. The enemies and the different races were better portrayed during the game. When I came to a new town in skyrim I did not get that feeling of truly new. Just another town and another barbarian guy leading it. Witcher was totally different, you get the feeling of racial tensions and social tensions in every part. The powers that be are very different and each very developed and very human. As it plays out you really see how the choices alter the world, instead of it coming down to "OK I'm a good guy so I will save good guy town." A lot of games try to get that feeling across of the characters true M.O. and demeanor but fail. Witcher acomplishes this very well. Triple AAA quality. Superb graphics, superb voice acting. I enjoyed every character. There were a few times, of course, where some tones were a bit off but that happens in every game. Overall amazing game. When I learned that this game was made by a small studio in Poland I was shocked.

As someone who never read any of the books and did not play the first game, I found that after a second playthrough the story and everyhting started to click and I realised how well done everything really was. The way the game is, one would want to play it at least twice to see both sides of what is going on.
It seems as though more than a few people found the game to be really difficult. It can be, but now there are plenty of guides and discussions about it. The game has a kind of reverse curve for the difficulty. It is much harder in the beginning due to a lack of points in the skill tree and low grade weapons and armor. By the end though, Geralt is pretty much on par with jezuz. I like games of this nature, because being really stong at the end makes it feel like you really acomplished something. 

This game also has subtitles in many languages so I found it made a great gift for steam friends who are not natural to the english language.

I would reccommend this game to anyone. Especially anyone who likes Skyrim, Assassin's Creed, Batman, Chivalry, Darksouls, Lord of the Rings or any games like them.
After finishing Witcher 3, I decided to play the series from the start so I played The Witcher 1 & it was great Experiance; However the Witcher 2 is much better! The Combat system is much much better than Witcher 1 .
Story : 9 / 10
Graphics : 9/10
music : 9/10
Gameplay: 9/10

9/10. Recommended.
Oh man, this game. I've now played this game 3 times through on Normal/Dark/Insane and am still missing a few sidequests that are only available on certain plot decisions. This game is massive and very well done. Here are some random pros & cons for things that immediately come to mind:

[u]PROS[/u]
[b]+[/b] Gorgeous. This game is gorgeous. Especially if you grab an improved textures mod. (see related con)
[b]+[/b] Story-rich. The story is grandiose and tons of fun to be a part of. There are quite a few story-altering decisions you will make throughout the game as well, providing a dynamic and involved experience.(one decision determines a good third of the game that differs completely should you have chosen differently) There were a couple choices where I had to pause the game for like 20 minutes while trying to decide what I wanted to do. Intense stuff. LISTEN TO ALL DIALOGUE, TALK TO EVERYONE. You won't regret it.
[b]+[/b] Combat is very dynamic and an absolute blast. You really need to think about the best way to approach certain encounters. Alchemy can alter things drastically for example, so don't skimp on the potions/oils(especially on higher difficulties!). Certain enemies need to be approached certain ways, some are very resistant to sword or magic, some can shield up and block all damage so you need to approach them from another direction or use a specific sign, etc... Very well done and very well thought out by the development team.


[u]PROS/CONS(depending on your preferences/playstyle)[/u]
[b]+/-[/b] Game starts out pretty damn difficult during the prologue. You start very weak and then slowly gain strength until all at once, you are suddenly quite over-powered. This could be a pro or con depending on what sort of gaming experience you prefer. There *are* a couple mods that smooth out the combat system and even out your ascension to badassness, although I would highly recommend you not touch any sort of mods til you've completed your first playthrough.
[b]+/-[/b] Quite a bit of nudity and corny sex scenes. May or may not be your cup of tea.

[u]CONS[/u]
[b]-[/b] While the game is gorgeous, it is also quite resource intensive. I had serious issues with my 560m, almost unplayable. My desktop's gtx 780 had no issues. Check out benchmarks for your specific card and make sure you can run it decently.
[b]-[/b] QTE's(Quicktime Events) are a part of this game and they are lame. There are a couple encounters where if you miss a QTE prompt, you are dead. Playing on insane, this feels cheap and lame. *Luckily*, You can turn these off via Gameplay Options, which I would highly recommend.
[b]-[/b] Prologue is pretty damn linear. Don't let this turn you off though. It's necessary for the introduction of the story. Make it to chapter 1 and things improve greatly.
[b]-[/b] A lot of people have reported that the controls feel "clunky", especially during the prologue. I was one of these people. But seriously, stick with it. It gets better. Also, graphic settings affect control sensitivity. Higher = better response. I also played the game with a controller, so that could have some impact.

[b]Overall conclusion: If you like RPGs, this is a must play. The story is intense and exciting. The gameplay is dynamic and fun. I highly recommend you give it a go. Just make it past the prologue! Also, a few people have asked whether it's necessary to play the first game. My answer is NO. It's not necessary. You would benefit from watching a story recap on YouTube though.[/b]
Pros:
~Convincing, realistic storyline and events (realistic as in BS doesn't happen)
~Epic storyline
~Choices matter, and make an impact
~Combat is difficult enough to provide a challenge
~Solid graphics, voice acting, and music

Cons:
~The inventory screen, meditation screen, and in general character interfaces are horribly set-up and unintuitive

Overall: Play it now. A game I feel is underrated, it has an immense immersive quality to it.
Epic game. When i first played this game, I was totally mindblown at how mature the storyline and how beautiful the graphics are. 

I was and still baffled how almost nobody in Malaysia knows about this game when it first came out. A problem that still persists up till now.

This is not a game for the kiddies but I am sure this kind of game is recommended for people to understand gray moral choices that will somewhat help in real life decisions.

The drawback:

- controls are sometimes clunky (sometimes not being able to hit monsters when the target reticule is not on it, or Geralt performs a heavy attack when in actual you're pressing the light attack button)

- crashes frequently when I load a save game (happens when there is a bloat of save games)

- Tiring grind to get loads of gold to get and craft the Dark Armour Diagrams and materials. (you can only get Dark Armour in Dark Mode)

The Pros:

- Great Mature Storyline
- Great Graphics for a 2011 game
- Decent Moral Choices
- Difficult Combat for newcomers but it will grow on you once you get the hang of it! (Pro Tips: DODGE! DODGE! DODGE!)
- A developer who has managed to stay independent and still able to developed this great game
- No DRM if you register the steam version on GOG.com for a backup copy for free! (the developer's subsidiary company that manages DRM-less games)

Buy this game to encourage more independent developers to churn out great games like this.

Plus, the sequel The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is coming out in February 2015. You will certainly have a better insight on the story if you played this first. Hey, even better if you buy both the Witcher 1 and Witcher 2!

This game is an AAA title (in terms of quality) in my list and one of few many games that i have replayed more than twice.

P.S. - Best played with a controller. Contains nudity and simulated sex
Note: With The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition I entered the Witcher universe without playing the first title or knowing anything about the books let alone having read them. So here goes.

The first RPG I played where your choices actually DO matter (*cough* Mass Effect *cough*). Yes, I kid you not. Not only does the game split up after Act I depending on who you choose to side with, but the outcome of dialogues in the main quest and even the side quests offer multiple possibilites for the story to unfold. The complexity and ingenuity of the fantasy world this game is set in is comparable to the quality of GRRM's A Song of Ice and Fire and can therefore be characterized as a so-called "low fantasy" story, as opposed to "high fantasy" settings such as The Elder Scrolls (just google the definitions if you don't know anything about them). Personally, I prefer low fantasy due to its focus on individual character development and their story/fate, as well as a "realistic" depiction of violence, language and society as a whole, but that's just my preference. So in a nutshell, I liked the story a lot, I think there's a lot of exciting things still to be told. 

Now let's get to the technical aspects: Dialogue is great, offering many choices for convincing or intimidating and alike. Character customization is solid too (you can actually have your haircut changed to some very weird stuff throughout the game if you so desire), there's lots of item slots, but only two weapons, a fact I can however accept for story reasons. Then again, I always pick the sword in any fantasy RPG so having two different swords throughout the entire game was right down my alley. 
Since we've arrived at the swords let's talk about the combat shall we. Yeah, I don't like it, why don't I like it you might say? It's basically a combo-based hack'n'slash system with a very console-y feeling (believe me or not, I liked Skyrim combat more, yes really). You just lock onto a target and smash LMB/RMB with the occasional blocking. I think this is simplistic and may be fun to watch, but it's not really immersive (on a side note: the combat is pretty hard and the boss fight require true skill and creativity and especially cunning use of magic abilities, I liked these a lot more). Speaking of immersive, the game looks gorgeous for a 2011 title, mostly good textures and effects. What struck me was the very high depth of field especially in the first act. I guess that's a way to make the lack of quality of distant objects unnoticable. Arguably, the biggest plus is the sound: ambient sound, voice acting and especially soundtrack are downright masterful, I loved it.

I can't think of anything else atm so let's jump to the conclusion. The game is great, with lots of replayability due to the many different paths you can go. The world sucks you in right from the start. If you're a fan of the combat then you've got absolutely nothing to fear, if you don't it's still worth it for the experience because mechanics are easy to get used to.

Performance notes: The game is Nvidia optimized. With my AMD card(s), it runs a solid 60fps though. Just tweak AA a bit and turn off Cinematic Depth of Field, it makes cutscene-fps drop by half, which is not cool. It supports CFX and probably also SLI. Oh yeah and the game is capped to 120fps, which is nice too.

Meaningless score: 9/10
The Witcher 2 is one of the most mature, enthralling, entertaining games I've played in years. If this isn't at least nominated for "Game of the Year" I don't understand the Gaming Industry anymore. The graphics are amazing, the music is beautiful, and the game features some of the best quests I've seen in a long time. Everything from monster slaying, to hot chick laying, to a "Hangover" style quest where you have to retrack the previous night drunken revelry. This game is a MUST for RPG fans. 
POSSIBLE CON: The story continues immediately after the Witcher 1 and does NOT hold your hand. If you want background on characters or plot devices either play Witcher 1 or go wikipedia the storyline and get caught up.
[h1]Teal Deer[/h1]
[list]
[*][b]Developers:[/b] CD Projekt RED
[*][b]Publishers:[/b] CD Projekt
[*][b]Initial release:[/b] May 2011
[*][b]Genre:[/b] Action, RPG, Story Heavy
[*][b]#Worth/NotWorth:[/b] #SoVeryMuchWorth
[/list]
[h1]Exposition, Concurrence and Summation[/h1]
I found myself deeply enamored with the world of the Witcher. My first exposure being the book, “The Last Wish” by Andrzej Sapkowski. I started in on Witcher 1 after reading and found the mechanics slightly overbearing. Even with some background I found myself being overwhelmed by the vastness and seeming complexity of the mechanics brought fourth by what, to me, was a very cool prospect. Alchemy. 

The idea behind it was not as its traditionally seen, even in fantasy. It wasn't some equal exchange of two completely unrelated things. Or when it was considered theoretical science, turning common metal into gold. It was poison, concocted from traditional alchemical ingredients. This poison would kill anyone not used to it. It took years and years of borderline torture to build this resistance. All in exchange for what was essentially, a high. Which in game mechanics turns into stat buffs and regen of various meters. AND on top of all this people were kidnapped before the age of five, trained in swordsmanship and forced to build a tolerance to the poisonous alchemical drinks. All to become “thugs for hire” and slay monsters. That, is the coolest shit ever. 

Sadly I never completed the Witcher 1. Due to the overbearing nature. Suffice it to say. The Witcher 2 is a vast improvement. Mechanically, Narratively, and boy is she pretty. 

My first play through I found some of that residual vastness to get to me. But I decided to forge ahead. I found myself understanding the times at which potions were needed and when they were not, even if most of time was due to trial and error. I am sort of an obsessive quick-saver. I found the dichotomy between Steel and Silver swords very real. Making the action feel much more tactical than your standard, run into that room and whack at stuff with a sharp stick. 

You make decisions in this game like every other RPG. Only these choices are not so clear cut. There isn't really ever a clearly good or clearly bad option. Moral ambiguity at its best. Rather both sides seem to have very real unforeseen consequences. In fact in the mission “At a Crossroads”, Literally 20+ hours of content lay behind a single choice. My second play through I had a lot more fun because I could focus less on worrying about how to spec or do I have enough ingredients for the potion I need. I was able to focus on the story and actually see some of the political tension much more clearly and take a stance that was well informed.  

I love this world. Its probably the most fleshed out fantasy world I've gotten involved with. That's likely due to the fact that this game is based on a book series and not vice versa. Much in the way the Metro 2033 series is. 

No prerequisite reading required to enjoy but it will definitely enhance the experience.

[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/25764029/][i]Follow my curation for more[/i][/url]
Experienced more sex in one of hour of game time than in my entire life!

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/10!

[spoiler]Tips:
1) If you BUY Witcher 1 or Witcher 2 on steam you can claim a free copy of it on GOG using your steam CD key. The company that owns the Witcher series, CDPR, also owns GOG. Link here: http://www.gog.com/witcher/backup
Aside from the usual no DRM copy of the game, the GOG version also includes [url=http://i.imgur.com/7gfMOpz.jpg]bonus content ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)[/url].
Please note: You have to BUY it on Steam first.
CD key location: Go to your Library, click your game, on the right side click "CD key"
[/spoiler]
[spoiler]2) There are also numerous mods over at [url=http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher2/]nexusmods.com[/url]. Including a few for Triss ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). [/spoiler]
[spoiler]3) If you dislike the combat style then try the Full Combat Rebalance Mod. It's made by an employee of CDPR who worked on the Witcher series. [url=http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher2/mods/822]Nexusmods link here[/url][/spoiler]
I started this game right after I finished the first Witcher game, so I was still very impressed with the first game and had really high expectations of this one, however, I found The Witcher 2 to be incredibly different. I had to push through the prologue, the different combat system which really disappointed me because I loved the time based sword combat in the first game, and the change from classical painting art style for cutscenes to comic art. However, it all changed after the end of the prologue and the beginning of this incredibly complex story that had so much going on that I was really immresed in it. Moreover, the further you go in the game, the better it gets in terms of story, gameplay, graphics and art style, music, and EVERYTHING. This game wasn't really what I hated anymore, the story kept getting deeper and all pieces from the previous game and this one were coming together somehow. I found that despite all the differences between the first and second Witcher games, they still kept the core of what made The Witcher series what it is; a story about greedy, ugly human nature when politics, religion and money cause conflict. I completely fell in love with this game, and I can't wait for the third installment.
The sequel to the famed Witcher game only enhances the series further. 

The combat system is completely redone, and to survive you'll actually need to use your wits, your brawn, and your potions/oils/traps and signs unlike in the first Witcher, Loot and inventory are now based on weight rather than space. There are only 35 levels - and many skills to choose from - so you'll have to consider your build before investing points in the talent tree.

The story is of course full of action and fighting. Plus, there are a ton of choices - so much so that playing the game once will only get you half the story and half the story quests.

And if you think you need a challenge - beat the tutorial test and play the game on Insane difficulty. You die? Tough luck. You get to start all over from the very beginning since it deletes your save.

This game also has modding support and there are plenty of mods for everyone. Too hard? Mods. Too easy on Dark/Insane? Mods.  Custom story? Mods.

I wrote this during the sale - it's $3 now and I encourage all who don't own it to get it while they can ($20 otherwise)
Witcher 2 is an action- rpg and like it's predecessor, it's based on novels and short stories by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski. It's developed by Polish company CD Projekt Red.

Witcher games are about monster hunter called Geralt of Rivia, also known as Butcher of Blaviken. Geralt has two objectives during the game, to regain his lost memory and find the Witcher who slayed the king, while being accused of killing the king himself. 

The main story is intriguing and full of surprises. It highly varies based on your decision in the end of first chapter. Second and third chapters have different locations, characters and story focus depenging on your path. This gives Witcher 2 great replayability since different plot points will be revealed. Just like the main questline, side quests offer the same thoughtful and witty writing. There's morally ambigious choices throughout the game and you never know when the consequences come back at you. But very often they will.  

The negatives in the game would be the horrible Inventory system, it's a pain to navigate.No overwriting saves, so every save will be a new one and save folder can grow to even 5 gb. Too many saves also slows the launch menu and has been reported to sometimes even cause crashes. So I deleted my saves manually on occasion. I also wasn't a big fan of the combat changes. While the combat in first one was bit more tactical and rhythm based, now it feels a bit too button mashy. More tools to fight have been added though, like traps and throwing knives. I was also bothered that after killing an enemy, if there's another present, Geralt will automatically leap on the next one if you just keep on mashing the attack. Sometimes quite ridicilous distances. 

Voice acting is stellar and the music makes Geralt's journey feel even more epic. The game was gorgeous when it first came out. Still looks good even today, which makes it harder to run well on older machines. Personally I enjoyed the first game a bit more, because of the story and even the combat. Though most people will prefer the more action oriented combat of this sequel. Witcher 2 is one of the best modern RPG:s and highly recommended to anyone looking for a great mature fantasy world.

[Score: 89]
The Witcher 2: Assassins Of Kings Enhanced Edition is a story-rich fantasy R.P.G. developed by CD PROJEKT RED and published by CD PROJEKT RED, 1C-SoftClub. This title takes place half a year later following the events of it's predecessor "The Witcher". After having saved King Foltest from an earlier assassination attempt, Geralt Of Rivia is this time unable to do so as Foltest is murdered right in front of him and Geralt takes the blame for his killing. As the powers that be decide that he's not truly guilty of this horrendous crime, The Witcher sets off on a quest across Temeria in search of the true culprit. A "Kingslayer" who is moving throughout the kingdom murdering monarchs everywhere and enciting chaos across the region. This title will take you on an expansive adventure across Temeria as "The Butcher Of Blaviken" aka Geralt Of Rivia searches for the person responsible for the regicides. 

[h1]GAMEPLAY[/h1]

Like your typical R.P.G., Geralt earns experience points as he defeats enemies and completes various quests. Once you level up talent points are then accquired which you can apply to a number of attributes from swordmanship to alchemy and magic among others. Speaking of alchemy, it plays just as much of a part here as it did in the first game. A Witcher still concocts a number of potions and tonics to enhance their already substansial abilities but in this title you can also create very powerful mutagens from the parts of slain monsters. As for combat, like the previous title this games fighting system takes some getting used to but once you get a grasp of the techniques involved then it becomes truly enjoyable to play. You also have the option to use traps and bombs in your combat techniques alongside the powerful signs that a master Witcher employs with their swordplay. And for the occasional bout of street fisticuffs, there is also a terrific brawling system in place as well as dice poker and arm wrestling for a little fun on the side. 

Unlike the first title this game employs stealth mechanics to the gameplay. There are a number of times over the course of the story that Geralt will have to stay out of sight and sneak into as well as out of various places. Another great gameplay aspect are the decisions that you will have to make, some of them in mere seconds, over the course of the narrative. Just as in the first title many of these choices will have life and death as well as far reaching consequences for Temeria and Geralt so choose wisely. Also worthy of note is the massive codex in The Witcher 2: Assassins Of Kings Enhanced Edition. It contains a bevy of information on people, places, events, monsters and many other things pertaining to the lore of this amazing world. In short, this title takes the wonderful gameplay of the previous title and expands on it with many new features while wrapping that around a very compelling fantasy based narrative.

[h1]VISUALS[/h1]

The visual presentation for this title is truly exceptional. Even today years after the games initial release it still maintains an impressive graphical style that alot of newly released titles to this day can't hold up to. The character models are gorgeous, wonderfully animated and always lifelike in their mannerisms and speech. The game has some great textures especially if you take advantage of the ultra graphics options available. Speaking of which, I particularly loved seeing all the different types of garb from lowly peasants to ironclad knights and highborn nobles. The variety of outfits and creative gear that you see demonstrated is quite impressive. The developers also made use of fantastic lighting as well as special effects like depth of field among many others. The time will cycle day to night and in towns you'll see people going about their daily business then retiring when it gets late. Also, stray animals like dogs, cats and chickens wander about. In short, Temeria just seems like a highly believable and immersive world to traverse during the time that you spend playing this wonderful title.

[h1]CONCLUSION[/h1]

Once again CD PROJEKT RED manages to work their magic, pun totally intended, and deliver a truly enticing R.P.G. experience that successfully immerses you in a finely crafted highly believable fantasy world ripe with interesting lore and very memorable characters. Also, playing as Geralt in this game just makes you feel like a total BOSS!!! This title was an excellent continuation of the series and rightfully deserves all the awards and accolades that it won. Replayability is high due to the different decisions that you can make which actually affect people and events as well as the ending not to mention that one playthrough of this exceptional title is just not enough to take in all of the breathtaking visuals and cinematics in this game. As options go, The Witcher 2: Assassins Of Kings Enhanced Edition includes some additional adventures in other locations throughout Temeria, a digital comic book and the official soundtrack by Adam Skorupa and Krzysztof Wierzynkiewicz packed with 47 incredible tracks. In addition, there are an abundance of Steam Achievements to hunt down and Steam Trading Cards to collect as well. In conclusion, if you are a fan of the story-rich, adventure and fantasy genres of gaming then your library would be wholeheartedly incomplete without this exceptional title so The Witcher 2: Assassins Of Kings Enhanced Edition is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
Easily one of the best PC games released in the latest years. Easily one of the best surprises, too - you will see more passion and talent from those 'noobs' from Poland than you would in most of the AAA studios, combined. The sheer idea to be a rather indie studio and create a game like this, polish it (word origin nudges me weirdly here) and bring it to the extent it is available today, is remarkable and admiring.

I have spent countless hours in the summer of 2011 playing and replaying the game. Because you don't get one strict and direct walkthrough; in fact, you can play 2 completely different storylines and make choices that will result in 16 (!) different endings. Mind you, I haven't seen them all (yet), but some craze at some point in the future might make me want to do so.

Witcher 2 is an action-adventure RPG - you will see a lot of combat, and the combat mechanics will matter when you face tougher foes. You need a strategy to survive - button mashing won't help you. You can master either of the 3 skill paths - Magic, Alchemy and Swordmanship and use your signs, potions and gear in order to kick every monster and merc's a** in the beautiful world of Witcher 2.

Speaking of beauty, as long as you have a powerful enough PC to push the game hard, you can't fail to notice how lovely it is made - the whole world looks like it is living and breathing, with NPCs having their own business throughout the day and sleep at night, lights, shadows and colours that make it all look hell pretty - the game might be 2011, but it still easily competes with some weaker attempts from more recent times.

Everything in this game screams for maturity - from the portrayal of the storyline to some rather odd moments in the game - you might think nudity is not appropriate for games, but if you are old enough to think about it normally, you'll see there's nothing bad in a beautiful love scene like in any other movie. And indeed, the fantasy world of Witcher 2 is not a fantasy world meant for putting kids to sleep - it can easily be described as an alternative Middle Ages where humans have all their present strong and weak qualities, and the legends about the monsters lurking outside of the village at night turn out to actually be there for real.

Comparing it to the first installment of the series, I would say I prefer Witcher 2 over it's predecessor, even though I wouldn't deny it either. Everything looks better thought of and finished in the follow-up, but the truth is, the Witcher 1 forged the path for the developers to get together and release a game like this. If you wonder, definitely play the first one first, but come back here when you've finished it.

If you are at least a tiny little bit fan of books, don't think twice and grab yourself a copy of the Witcher stories- Andrzej Sapkowski is the mastermind of this world (book came first, then the game). Stories are not necessarily strictly connected between the books and the game, they are loosely situated in the same world, with the main protagonist being the white-haired cold-blooded and serious monster killer Geralt of Rivia. Who, by the way, is already one of my most favourite characters overall.

In a few words - if you don't have the game yet and you are a fan of RPG, deep and mature stories and beautiful graphics: get it, get it now.



P.S. Devs are real nowadays heroes as they release a ton of free downloadable content and updates AFTER the game is released. Yep, you get all those DLCs you pay for in the other games for free - and they added the Enhanced edition for free for all early purchasers too. They are also known for bashing the mandatory nowadays DRM too - if you buy the game retail, you just need the disc to play it. Like in the good old days.

P.S. 2 I own the retail Collector's Edition of the game and I just had to buy it again on Steam. I don't mind it at all, I would put my money for those guys any day, as long as they keep releasing games like this (blink blink: Witcher 3; blink blink: Cyberpunk).
[h1]Uniquely rich and engrossing // Recommended for role playing fanatics[/h1]

+ Environments and visuals are absolutely stunning; everything, form lighting effects, to foliage, to textures found throughout the world, are incredibly well-rendered and captivating
+ Solid, well-implemented control scheme that makes good use of large swathes of keyboard real-estate; I have grievances regarding a few of the keybindings, but these are easily remedied via the menu
+ Inventive combat system; it takes a bit of a push to get the hang of, but one will quickly find themselves enjoying a comfortable proficiency (with practice)
+ Admirable level of PC optimization
+ Impact of choices made are readily apparent, have incredibly far-reaching consequences, and lend astonishing gravity to each selection
+ Top-shelf voice-acting and written dialogue
+ Side-quests often have substance enough to rival the main plot
+ Ending spells out in wonderful detail the consequences of your actions, often within the specific areas in which you've visited
+ Very story-heavy game, and is therefore rife with lore-friendly collectibles and references that greatly enrich one's sense of immersion
+ Everything, from textures to NPCs, is meticulously crafted, and the game does not rely on cookie-cutter pasting techniques
+ Choices made throughout the game don't rely on a standard good/evil system, and therefore allows more flexibility in terms of character progression
+ Signs, potions, oils, enhancements, and traps all combine to lend tremendous depth and freedom to combat
+ Excellent game length and, due to multiple endings and story paths (which differ wildly depending on choices made during the first chapter) give the game an alarming amount of replay value
+ Successfully mature, somber tone pulls the player in, and manages to do so without coming off as overbearing; definitely not a 'tryhard' game

- Somewhat poor targeting mechanics
- Occasional bugs that require a restart; may not be prevalent for everyone, but I certainly noticed them
- Following NPCs can be tricky business, in that they often get stuck, block hallways and doors, and display poor pathing in general
- Comparing equipment available via trading with that which is currently equipped is not possible, making it necessary to exit from the trading screen to check stats, etc.
- Waypoints and objectives occasionally will not update properly

[h1]LockeProposal's Big Day Out[/h1]

[url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/bigdayout#]Community Group[/url]
[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/7611703/]Curator Page[/url]
[url=https://www.reddit.com/r/SeriousSteamReviews/]Serious Steam Reviews subReddit[/url]
If you already played The Witcher 3 and came here looking for something like TW3 in terms of graphics and gameplay, you might wanna think two times before buying TW2... The gameplay is a "little" different and way more limited than TW3. In terms of difficulty, TW3 is "piece of cake" compared to TW2. But, if you want to see Geralt dealing with an extremely complex political plot, romance, sex  and a story where your choices can change dramatically the storyline (8 different conclusions!), you must buy this game right now! It's serious, it really worth it. 
P.S.: And you can play it on Linux!!! =D
I'll admit it, I picked up this game only because of the Witcher 3 hype. Since W3 had such high expectations, I didn't expect much from this game. But boy oh boy, my expectations were completely shattered after finishing my first playthrough. Compared to the Witcher 1 - the combat is greatly improved. It is challenging, makes you think twice before you engage into combat. Graphics and esthetics were stunning for a game this old. Storytelling - it simply sucks you in and you keep asking for more after finishing you first playthrough. You keep wondering "what if I did this or that...". I'm usually satisfied after completing a game once, but not with this one, since the choices you make matter a lot. You will want to load back, try other routes and see how the story will unravel. Don't be discouraged by the slow start (aka the Prologue), it may be a bit boring, but trust me - it gets a lot more interesting after you get to Flotsam. All in all, this is a game worth your every penny, it offers everything you want from an RPG, 50+ hours of content and it has a high replayability rating.
Note: At the time of this [re]review, I’ve played all the games and read all seven novels.

[h1]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition.[/h1]
[i]A neutral witcher’s nightmare.[/i]

The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings is both a wonderful and contradicting return to the world of The Witcher. Where TW1 was concerned with complex, morally grey characters in a folktale-fantasy setting; TW2 adjusts its focus toward worldly political plots submersed in magic, death, and general depravity. In essence the games share the same goal though - to further the story of Geralt and examine how he reacts to different dilemmas. The Witcher 2 takes an entirely different path to get there, which produces new strengths, but also new weaknesses. This revamped style works wonderfully in making Assassins of Kings utterly unique, and marks it as an experience to remember.

In The Witcher 2, you (as Geralt) start out as the glorified body guard of Foltest, King of Temeria, who’s kept you around ever since you saved his life from an assassin in the first game. Events ensue quickly during the prologue, but you soon find yourself no longer in Foltest’s services, and are instead thrust into a game of political intrigue, murder, and war - damning Geralt’s idyllic belief in a Witcher’s neutrality to hell. How you react to these circumstances is largely in your control, and the choices you must make are never easy.

Switching tone, graphically, The Witcher 2 looks exquisite. Textures are gritty and detailed, the lighting is dynamic and vibrant, and the combat animations are smooth and a spectacle to watch. The only visual flaw worth mentioning is the anti-aliasing, as it’s fairly low quality. Altogether though, the graphics are very impressive. Along with that, the game performs decently, but definitely wouldn’t win any awards for optimization. Crashes are fairly frequently and there are stutters when loading new areas, but it’s not bad enough to jeopardize the experience. Overall the game has a great sense of [i]polish[/i] though, as there are few bugs, and it usually plays very smoothly.

Remember when I said that this game wouldn’t win any awards for optimization? Well, that’s likely because The Witcher 2 is a port, and not a particularly good one. TW1 was a PC exclusive, but TW2 was made with (primarily) consoles in mind, which is why the load times, draw distance, UI, and various other technical elements are a bit wonky on PC. I’m no PC elitist, but I’d be lying if I said I weren’t somewhat frustrated by the decentralization of The Witcher from the PC that occurred with the release of this title.

Tacking on one last element of the presentation, the music, while good, is less original than The Witcher 1 or 3. It doesn’t have the folktale charm of the first game, or the epic orchestral scores of the third, and instead floats in this middle ground of generic fantasy with flecks of originality dispersed throughout the OST. It has some strokes of brilliance, but is usually just used to fill dead air.

One of the biggest changes since the original game is the modernized combat system. Gone is the semi-turn based, rhythmic clicking of TW1, which has been replaced by a real-time, streamlined system of various combat mechanics. There are now only strong and fast attack styles to use, as well as a roll and parry move for defense. The signs have been reworked as well, and are much more functional and useful in combat than before. The potion-brewing system has devolved however, as you can only take them outside of combat now, which means you barely ever use them because most fights are not telegraphed beforehand. The leveling system has been changed too, but mostly for the worse, as few perks are more than just mundane stat buffs. All in all the combat systems are much smoother and more skill intensive than before, but suffer from a lack of complexity that was once omnipresent.

When it comes to the side quests you undertake as Geralt of Rivia in TW2, none are a cause for disappointment. There are always entertaining story threads running through quests, and worthwhile rewards for completing them. These quests range from monster contracts to murder investigations, and in the vast majority of them the undercurrent of player choice I mentioned earlier is highly emphasized. You’ll oft find yourself having to choose from two opposing evils, decide which one is the lesser, and hope your decision doesn’t haunt you afterwards - which it most certainly will.

Another stark contrast AoK has with its predecessor is that its game world is much more linear. TW1 was never open world but did have very open levels, while TW2, largely, has confined spaces for all three acts that it spans. The story itself feels more linear as well, as while there are several branching paths based off your decisions, the products of these choices commonly play out in well produced cut-scenes that require little to no input from the player. This style of guided world building and storytelling succeeds where the original game failed, but fails where it succeeded, which makes TW2 feel, thematically, very different. Whether or not this is good or bad, will come down to your personal opinion on elements of subtle linearity being put into RPG’s.

As stated earlier, this game deals heavily with the politics of The Witcher, and as referenced by the subtitle; [i]Assassins of Kings[/i], this is a time of political strife. Two northern kings are assassinated in the first two hours of the game, and a large portion of the main quest is spent trying to find the assassin and discover who was really behind the assassinations, and their motives. Geralt struggles with his belief in his neutrality as a product of this, and in the end, it’s impossible to stay entirely neutral. The shifting political landscape requires your attention, and your decisions will make or break people, organizations, and kingdoms, causing you to spurn some and satisfy others - creating an awesome atmosphere of consequence.

Lingering one last time on player choice, I really can’t emphasize enough how many diverging paths there are to choose from. The Witcher 2 can legitimately be considered two whole games in one, as the second act of the game takes place in two separate locations based on a choice made in the first act, and there is little cross over in the content between these two places. I’ve already talked about political and quest decision making, but you will also be forced to make decisions on what type of person Geralt is, such as the degree to which he wants to remain neutral, how much he cares for Triss, what his beliefs on the conflict between humans and the Scoia’tael are, and so much more.

In terms of the books, The Witcher 2 chooses to reference occurrences in the historical lore more than events which personally effected Geralt or his friends. This does wonders for establishing the permanence of the world, but creates a slightly impersonal relationship between the player and the game’s characters, which is something the first game excelled at. Human drama is still conveyed fittingly through the ever-present political drama found in TW2, but I miss the deep emotional and philosophical evaluations of characters that could be found in the first game. In the end this refocusing of objectives is handled well and makes sense, but feels less like The Witcher I know and love.

Take my criticisms of The Witcher 2 with a grain of salt - as even I do. I judge it with such a critical eye because I adore the series, which includes this title as well. TW2 serves as a great set-up for the events of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and tells a riveting tale within itself. Though I enjoyed TW1 and TW3 more, The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings is still a magnificent experience, and given the competition within its own franchise, is as good as I could have possibly hoped it to be.

[h1]Personal Rating: 9/10 - Absolutely Outstanding[/h1]
Now, really, can you say something bad about [i]Witcher[/i] games in general? The series are pinnacle of RPG gaming, and developers really tried to present the best RPG experience to the gamers, and, I dare to say, they succeeded. 

The story of [i]Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i] takes place after the first game. Someone blamed you for murdering a King, and you set off to find out the culprit. Simple as that, but, the story is also about Geralt regaining his memories.  

The graphics are quite good and enchanted in relation to the first [i]Witcher[/i] game. Attentions to the small things are amazing, from the detailed characters and environments to special effects, and [i]Witcher[/i] is a truly an eye candy for gaming masses. In regard to that, you really need a high end PC machine to play the [i]Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i]. 

The world of [i]Witcher[/i] is huge and along the way you will meet a bunch of interesting characters, have a lot of...virtual sex, fight many kind of monsters, etc. Sometimes the game feels a bit to grindy, but your choices and fights you are engaging yourself into really impact the outcome of the story. Sometimes the battles seem a bit to tough, and RPG beginners could find the game more challenging, but, once you gain enough experience under your belt, the battles become easier. 

All [i]Witcher[/i] games are highly recommended, and this one is no exception. This is simply something best that RPG games can offer. Don't miss it.
[b]Game of Thrones looks like a cartoon for babies when compared to The Witcher series.[/b]
Glorious boobs, bloody action, eyes get poked out, people get burned alive, murders, drinking, tattoos, demon-sex, softcore porn "romance" scenes, brothels, dice playing, arm wrestling, fist fights...this game has everything!
"But does it have dragons?" Hell yes! And only a sissy would tame a dragon. You slaughter the motherhumper!

[b]If you're looking for a dark fantasy fix then look no further![/b]
[h1]"I'm a Witcher. I don't care for your politics!"[/h1] 
[b]Geralt of Rivia[/b]
__________________________________________ 

[h1]Introduction[/h1]

Despite his words Geralt's second adventure won't keep him out of political business, as he will stumble right into political affairs, intrigues, rebellions and mysterious murders. 'Assassins of Kings' takes place after the events of the first game and throws the player into a dark, cruel and mature fantasy world full of morally ambigious (but nonetheless remarkable) characters, political disputes and an insane amount of names, lore and history. 
__________________________________________ 

[h1]The journey of a Witcher...[/h1]

The game's story is amazing and full of twists and remarkable events that will entertain you for a long time. Main and sidequests are very well written, diversified and more than just once the player has to make decisions where the difference between 'good' and 'bad' isn't that obvious. Geralt's journey will bring him to different cities, realms and areas and there are many things to do for the White Wolf. Sure it's no 'Open World'-game but the locations still offer huge areas to explore, that are full of monsters, characters, hidden secrets and forgotten treasures. Besides the synchronisation is all the time on a high level (even in german!) and despite its age of over four years the visuals are still absolutely gorgeous. 

I have spent over 40 hours on my first run on hard mode but afterwards I instantly started a second one due to the fact that the choices you make can create completely different adventures and often questlines, areas and outcomes change entirely. So far I've played it for over 70 hours and I've never been bored. 
__________________________________________ 

[h1]Contra[/h1]

Sure the game isn't perfect. Some negative points would be that the difficulty changes between 'Geralt is Superman' and 'everyone else is Superman' (which leads to some pretty annoying situations), the fighting system is just average (...and definitly not a very strong point here), I had several CTDs and unfortunately the saving system is kind of annoying, because every save creates a new seperate data and the more data the longer some loading periods will be. As a 'frequent-saver' I had to clean out a lot...
__________________________________________ 

[h1]Conclusion[/h1]

...but this is complaining on a very high level and all in all I can say that this is one of my favourite RPGs. It provides an amazing storyline with great lore and characters in a morally ambigious dark fantasy world that's far away from your typical stereotypes. And all this is backed up by one of the best protagonists of all time: the legendary white wolf, Geralt of Rivia. 

Every RPG-fan who skips this game will definitely miss something! 
(...and if only because you can import your finished savegame to the Witcher III).
[b]Woman:[/b] Uh, so what does a witcher do, anyway? 
[b]Geralt:[/b] We solve problems. 
[b]Woman:[/b] Oh, I have a problem with my boyfriend. 
[b]Geralt:[/b] Did you find his entrails sprawled on the porch and his head a few paces away? Because those are the types of problem we solve.

Sums up this game perfectly.    Buy it, play it, play it again, wait for part 3.
[table]
[tr]
	[th][b][i]Byte-sized review[/i][/b][/th]
	[th][b][i]Rise of the White Wolf[/i][/b][/th]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]Review in under a minute[/i][/td]
	[td][b][i]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i][/b] is a marked improvement over its predecessor and from a characterization and storytelling perspective places CDPR in the upper echelons of studios who devote their creative time to making great role playing games. While it certainly helps to have strong material to reference, CDPR takes author Andrzej Sapkowski creation - Geralt of Rivia - and wholly makes him their own. Having played [b][i]The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt[/i][/b] first before tackling the series from the very beginning, I was sometimes confused by the history shared between Geralt and its enormous cast of main and supporting charactors. Having gone back and played the first two in succession has certainly helped broaden my understanding of the relationships Geralt shares with each character, the lore and the complexity of the world that has been created by author Andrzej Sapkowski. [b][i]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i][/b] does suffer a bit from character overload though. Unless you are playing the game 24/7, day in day out without taking breaks it becomes very easy to lose track of who is who in the zoo and even though the game provides you with a glossary that constantly updates it is rather messy and not as clean as I would have liked it. The games graphics are still gorgeous. Considering I played this in 2018, it is hard to believe that the game came out in 2011 and while the combat is still a bit clunky and the inventory is a complete mess of a design, it's definitely not as rough around the edges as the original. In fact I was surprised how much [b][i]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i][/b] reminded me of [b][i]The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt[/i][/b], more so than the first game in the series. [b][i]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings[/i][/b] is everything a sequel should be by improving on almost every aspect of the original and if you enjoy exploring fantasy worlds layered with a strong and complex narrative backbones then this game is for you. Well worth the time and investment.[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]One word to sum up the experience[/i][/td]
	[td]Switchback[/td]
[/tr] 
[tr]
	[td][i]Performance/Bug related incidents[/i][/td]
	[td]I had various problems getting the game to run smoothly and I am not sure if it was because I was playing it on a 120hz monitor. The game stuttered quite a bit until I limited the frames to 30fps which then gave me stable performance. Not sure why I had performance issues with this game as my system more than meets the requirements tenfold.[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]Similar to games[/i][/td]
	[td][b][i]Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen[/i][/b]; [b][i]Lord of the Rings: War in the North[/i][/b]; [b][i]Bound by Flame[/i][/b]; [b][i]Two Worlds 2[/i][/b][/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]Suitable for[/i][/td]
	[td]Lovers of RPG's with complex narrative plots and gorgeous fantasy world to explore.[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]Position in my games of 2018 cleared list[/i][/td]
	[td]8th position[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][i]Rating[/i][/td]
	[td]http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453048[/td]
[/tr]
This game is just Beautiful, but there is just one bug i wanna make aware of.
In Akt I and the others, if you use a language where the vocals ä,ö,ü,ß are used, you need to download a umlauts patch from nexusmod or anywhere else.
Otherwise the game will crash :c

Please rate this comment so everyone sees it, i dont want someone to stop playing that game due to a stupid bug :)
btw buy this game when its on sale (its often on sale just wait a little)
A truly remarkable RPG in its own right, and a worthy successor to The Witcher. The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings has kept the story and atmosphere that made the first game such a cult classic but with a far superior engine.

For my full thoughts on this game : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J5NVOPWjT8
The Witcher 2 is a narrative driven action RPG by Polish developers CD Projekt Red. To be reductive, it contains a lot of action-like RPG combat and deep mechanics common to Bethesda games, but is also extremely narrative driven to the tune of something Bioware might put out.  Over the course of the game, much of the Witcher's many turning gears become an immensely enjoyable machine, though it jumps to a rough start and could use a more enjoyable combat system.  I did play with the Combat Rebalance mod, which allegedly makes the combat better; truly I think it just made it more trivial, but those may be two sides of the same coin in this case.

I started Witcher 2 having never played the Witcher 1, and generally not knowing what the game was about or how it worked.  Let me be blunt -- that is the absolute worst way to start the Witcher 2.  The game does offer an overall useless tutorial (if you have the Enhanced Edition), but otherwise it throws you right into a pretty hot mess.  Very little is explained in the way of combat mechanics, the many systems at your control (things like potions, crafting, magic abilities), and the context of the warring monarchs and their mysterious assassin which are central to its plotline.  Overall, it’s a little daunting to start.  That said, I highly recommend you persevere; lying on the other side is a huge payoff.

What makes Witcher 2 shine is the well crafted, incredibly epic story of politicking and sorcery.  What’s even more impressive is the dynamic way in which it is presented to you; very few games give you the sense of control over the story the way Witcher does.  The game is divided into 3 acts, and the second act can be completely different based on decisions you make in the first act.  You will start in a different location, have different characters to interact with, and different quests.  Even more impressive is that Witcher 2 does a good job of staying away from the typical good/bad archetypes; characters usually feel complex and your decisions almost always fall into a gray area.  It never feels like the game is pushing you one direction or the other; sometimes being the bad guy pays off...other times, not so much.  

The plot itself is very interesting, though you won’t find anything revolutionary about it.  Voice acting is typically well done, which is good because there is a LOT of it.  At least half the game can easily be spent talking to characters and fleshing out the world in which Witcher 2 takes place.  Cutscenes are serviceable, but nothing extraordinary.  Like many games of this scope, much of the Witcher 2 lacks a certain polish -- the game certainly looks beautiful, but animations are often clunky and transitions are not done well.

Lacking the most polish, certainly, is the combat.  Combat in Witcher 2 feels mostly like a buffer between unlocking more of the story.  With the Combat Rebalance mod, parrying is automatic and after some initial struggle, I quickly learned to spam the same ability over and over again, accented by mashing attack and rolling around.  I easily beat 95% of encounters this way.  While you have a lot of options in terms of equipment etc., the majority is useless or unnecessary and I would have liked a little more variety in loot and spells.  I wouldn’t say the combat is outright bad, but it is certainly mediocre and not the highlight here.

Overall, while there is a lot to nitpick about Witcher 2, I highly enjoyed it.  It’s a beautiful game which offers up one of the most interesting stories you can find in the medium.  Decisions are impactful and rewarding, even if combat is not.  If you like Skyrim, or Mass Effect, and wish there was a game which blended the two together into a great PC game, look no further than Witcher 2.
One of my all-time favourite games. Geralt of Rivia has never looked better than here, everything about this game still impresses me. They took the first game and improved on almost everything except the stances..bring back the fighting stances .  This came out the same time as Dragon Age II which i also purchased and i have to say after that dissapointment i could have kissed CDPR's feet after playing this gem 7 times to completion. The game requires you to play it twice to get the full story...but i just loved it that much. The dev is also awesome and deserves everyones support, they actually treat us with some respect and not cash cows .

EDIT : Unbelievable but they actually did it ! Witcher 3 is better than this amazing title. 
Its really something special when a dev improves on each game in a trilogy MANY other large companies could learn a thing or two from these guys.
FInally i have finished playing The Witcher 2, such a great game, the graphics and combat system are absolutely stunning  compare with the previous one and the plot is fantastic. Witcher 3 I'm coming!
The second installment of the Witcher series is as good, if not better, than the first part.

Being blamed for a murder, Geralt is on the journey to find the real murderer and his motives. While doing so, he is mixed up in politics, treason and unraveling conspiracies throughout his way.

The first thing you'll notice is, that the graphics improved quite a lot, compared to it's predecessor.
Sharp textures, lush colors and a great attention to detail will please your eyes. Though, when it comes to post-processing effects, they might have been a bit too generous. Sometimes the colors, the Bloom etc. can be a bit distracting and blinding, though that doesn't take away from it's beauty.

The second big improvement is the combat. While it is still kind of a click-combo way to fight, it's way less clunky and feels more natural and direct. You shouldn't have big issues getting the hang out of it.
You still have 2 swords to chose from, one silver and the other a steel one, while being able to do a light or heavy attack.

The characters and story are, again, the highlights of the game. It's not just the main story that's captivating and motivating you to push on, but also side-quests that are funny and or interesting.
Waking up on the beach with a hangover, naked and being tattooed on your neck and then finding out what happened is one of those quests (keeping the tattoo and importing your save-file to the Witcher 3 will let you keep the tattoo; great attention to detail and continuity).

The one thing that might be a bit overwhelming and confusing could be the political part of the game. Especially in the beginning, but also in parts throughout the game, you're faced with a lot of different characters, kingdoms and it's kings, the political situation of the world etc.
Knowing the books the game is based on, i didn't had any issues following it, though if you're not familiar with it, it might be a bit much.

And again you are faced with choices and this time there is one big choice which will decide which area you will visit from chapter 2 onwards. So replaying the game and choosing a different side will open up a whole new area, new quests, new characters to meet and a whole new perspective on the story and motives of the characters.

Thankfully for me, i didn't faced any technical issues, bugs or crashes, so i can't comment on any of these.
However, i know that when using the german language, it crashed in the past and you had to replace the umlauts (google should help with that). Remembering this, i replaced those from the beginning and wasn't plagued by any issues.

Great part 2 of the series and definitely recommend it.
play like a Witcher :D
Beautiful game.

===[ ❤ Audience: ]===

☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===

☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good 
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]===

☐ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===

☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium 
☐ Fast
☑ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===

☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls

===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===

☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 20+ hours)
☐ Endless
☐ I'm not finish

===[ ♬ Story] ===

☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic
☐ I'm not finish

===[ § Bugs ]===

☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]===
Multiplayer: no 
Singleplayer: Yes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEPbEpWHMeo

[i]*I originally purchased a retail copy of The Witcher 2 and completed it before purchasing a steam copy at a later date*[/i]

The Witcher 2 was perhaps one of the most criminally overlooked games of 2011. With many RPG gamers looking forward to the release of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim this PC only release was lost in the hyperbolic praise of Bethesda's role playing juggernaut during end of the year awards. So, in 2012, CDProjekt Red has released an enhanced edition giving PC players ten gigabytes of additional content for free. This content includes all of the patches which added extra quests and fixed a couple of questionable design choices, adds entirely new quests, and cut scenes to flesh the game's narrative out.
	
The Enhanced Edition opens with a rousing new cut scene depicting the assassination of Demavend, King of Aedirn. Upon starting the game the you take control of the witcher, Geralt, who is aiding Kind Foltest in a military endeavor to reclaim his bastard children. Success comes but the victory is short lived as Foltest is snuffed out and Geralt is blamed for his demise. From here the narrative takes off as Geralt hunts down Foltest's assassin simply to clear his name. Amidst the hunt for the assassin of kings, political turmoil unfolds and Geralt seeks details on his lost love Yennifer. It's a top shelf fantasy RPG narrative, structured like a great season of a television show, with three big narrative threads that are explored as the game progresses. Like a television show, the game ends with some elements of the narrative resolved while others are escalating and awaiting a sequel. The world of the Witcher is dark and morally ambiguous which makes the element of choice the player us given extraordinarily satisfying. Making choices in The Witcher 2 is not about being a good witcher or a bad witcher, its about what you, the player, see fit to do. While Bioware's games are top notch, relegating in-game choices to a binary moral scale diminishes the impact of many decisions. Also, the choices in The Witcher 2 do have an impact on the events of the game—a significant impact. A choice you make at the end of the first chapter completely changes your perspective on the second chapter. The quest line completely changes so you will want to play this game at least twice to get the full effect and, depending on how dedicated you are, maybe several more times.  

The narrative plays out over a prologue, three chapters and an epilogue. The three chapters make up the bulk of the game and each is confined to a single location. There is no way to travel back to previous locations once the chapter concludes. This is a narrative driven game and it wants you to move forward. Many players used to games like those in The Elder Scrolls or Gothic series may be upset by this but the narrative so greatly benefits from this rigid structure that it's hard to make a case for a more open format. Each locale is loaded with side quests and very few of them feel like obnoxious chores; a problem that plagues many other RPG experiences. The sidequests mix in some character development, world building and humor generally enriching the core experience. 
	
There are two very compelling reasons to do all of the sidequests in a location. The first is that resources in The Witcher 2 are very limited. Unlike most modern RPGs, you can't really grind for money. Reselling items, gear and raw materials nets such a small portion of the items original value that it's not worth doing for the sake of recouping your money. You will have to carefully decide what you can craft and what you should buy since simply buying the gear and items you want will quickly deplete your coiffures. The second reason to do all of those extra quests is to drink in the staggeringly beautiful world that The Witcher 2 offers. The Witcher 2 set a new graphical benchmark with its richly detailed and carefully crafted world. You really have to search hard for an ugly texture. Everything from the biggest building to the smallest environmental prop is detailed and rendered with care. One of the standout quests in the third chapter takes you to  a mage's laboratory that is filled with trinkets, equipment and murals. It's dimly lit, with sinister stones protruding from the walls. Acquiring new armor is rewarding even if the stats aren't a significant improvement over what you have just because the detail put into it is so fantastic. It's a shame that the facial animations don't quite match the graphical leap forward. They are not bad but they are decidedly current gen in a game that was ahead fo the graphical curve on release.
	
Combat in The Witcher 2 has been massively overhauled from the first game. Geralt can lay traps, use rudimentary magics and is an accomplished swordsman. Even if you don't focus on leveling spell casting or using traps Geralt is still competent enough to make use of these abilities. Some will see the lack of opportunity to really build a Geralt to their personal style but it's as a consequence of the character's lore. You still place skill points in the appropriate trees to buff the abilities of your choice but you don't really spec into an archetypical fantasy class. When it comes to wielding his blades, Geralt has two swords, a silver blade for monsters and a steel blade for humans. He can parry and counter so timing your attacks in key. Certain traps are more effective for some enemies and magic is a mix of healing, buffing and attacking. It's quite a repertoire and you are left with no shortage of tactical options. Fortunately, a new tutorial was added to the Enhanced Edition to help players come to grips with Geralt's skills and abilities. One rather irritating quirk of the combat is the fact that Geralt can only use potions outside of battle so this can turn some encounters into a trial and error affair. You often have to fail in a battle to see what potions may be worth using. It never makes the game annoying... It just makes alchemy feel pointless. Combat requires some skill and forethought but shouldn't be too taxing to a competent gamer and generally proves rewarding.

The Witcher 2 was a great game with a few annoying flaws. The Enhanced Edition addresses many of these and goes above and beyond with meaningful new in game content. It's packed with new cutscenes and the new quests are some of the best in the game. The structure is rigid when compared to some other RPGs but it boasts a stronger, more direct narrative as a result. The ability to make choices in the game is enriching and adds tremendous replay value and the visuals look great three years after it's initial release. The combat is solid though the alchemy system is quirky to the point of being almost pointless. None of the flaws present will stay with you for long after you complete this game though. It's likely that you will be more concerned with what CDProjekt Red has in store for us in the next Witcher release. Thankfully, The Witcher 3 is as amazing as you would hope it to be.
This is a good game. It improved on the first game by a generous amount obviously. Graphics are impressive, not only for the year it was made, but still to this day in 2016. 

Dark, tense, and epic story. Combat to me wasn't very fluid and I highly encourage using a controller. I tried with mouse and keyboard and I got very confused and frustrated. 

There are moments that should be much more epic. Certain battles and stuff seem....lacking. 

Builds are pretty simple. One rule: never invest in the alchemy skill tree. Completely useless. There is a combat mod that cdprojektred themselves created if you wanna try that out. It is significantly better than the base game's tree system. 

This game could be so much more epic than it already is. You will see why if you play it. 

It is a good game. I was more enamoured with it before Witcher 3 came out, which set a new standard for me. 

Pick it up for a good adventure. Try your best to get it on sale though. Still pretty cheap regardless. Sometimes they bundle Witcher 1 and 2 together for like $10 or something like that. Pick it up then. 

Still recommending because it is good. Worth the money and the time.
War. Deceit. Terrorism. Murder. Sex. Treason. Prostitution. Violence. Loyalty. Espionage. Racism. If somebody tells you that Witcher 2 is for mature audiences, this isn’t because it’s exceptionally bloody or gory for a title of its genre – it’s because of the world and stories that it presents.

It’s true: the graphics are mostly really good, even stunning in places. Battle is tactical and you have to learn how to use both your weaponry and your magic abilities in order to succeed. Music and sound are pretty good - the nice use of different dialects is a good reason that you should consider playing it in English even if that’s not your native language. The flaws that actually bothered me were few - like the fact that Geralt (your character) puts up the same facial expression for 80% of his dialogue. 

Yet it’s the storytelling and the way you shape WHAT story unfolds that I enjoyed most.
Geralt has a real talent to end up as the “right guy in the wrong place”. And even though he progresses through the quests for pretty personal reasons, he constantly finds himself forced to make decisions that have a much larger impact than his personal fate.  Who will you trust? Who will you help? By the time you finish the first chapter you will have made decisions that will not only control the way you experience the rest of the story, but also will shape the lifes of many of the characters you met and – in the end – maybe even the rise and the fall of the nations that you cross. As usual in the Witcher games, you will find that not all of your decisions have the effect that you hoped, and often you only can try to choose the lesser evil. 

When I finished the game I felt the urge to play the Witcher 3  (which isn’t released at the time of this writing). Not because of the (hopefully) good gameplay and graphics that I expect – but because I wonder where Geralt's personal story and the big events that happen around him will finally lead.

So do yourself a favor, get past the crappy tutorial and average prologue and then – starting with the first chapter - play one of the finest RPGs that are out there.
Pros:

+ Awesome Story
+ Nice Book references
+ Awesome Voice Acting
+ Far better than the First Entry
+ Even better than the third (in my opinion at least)
+ You notice a game has gotta be Outstanding if its menu soundtrack gives you goosebumps everytime you start it
+Decisions actually influence the future , even story places and cutscenes itself
(The third Game lacks that in a pretty big way)
Cons:

- pretty much nothing really 
- besides crushing rarely
- and not beeing as easy to play as the third game which is more adjustet for the Mainstream market.

Already played this game on my XBOX 360, it defenetly doesnt get boring at a second or third playthrough.
Just buy it and stop considering !
[h1] One word for each aspect of this game.  [/h1]

Story - Remarkable.
Characters - Eloquent.
Gameplay - Powerful.
Roleplaying - Deep.
Immersion - Profound.
Environment - Magnificent.
Graphics - Excellent.
Sound - Great.
Music - Splendid.

Overall - Monumental.
[h1][b]The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition		* 8/10[/b][/h1]

A sequel that takes the aesthetic and graphic to the next level, improves gameplay by adopting a more common and comfortable combat system yet keeping all the alchemy and crafting aspects. Many choices to make but the story doesn't deliver the level of epicness of the first chapter giving the impression of a transition chapter that prepares the player for the third chapter.

[h1][i]INTRO. What is The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings about?[/i][/h1]

There's a Witcher around the Northern realms that has killed King Demavend of Aedirn and all his knights. Geralt's story begins in the most charming way, with Geralt imprisoned and talking to Vernon Roche, a special guard loyal to Foltest, rebuilding the events that lead to the present time, starting with the investigation of the othe witcher that attempted at King Foltest's life and proceeding with the La Valettes' castle siege.

No more can be said to prevent spoilers as the reconstruction ends with a shocking and touching event that will mark the beginning of Geralt's new adventure (yes, this was just the prologue. Very long and intriguing indeed).

Why the severe judgment about the story? It's not a simple matter of being good or bad.
The Witcher 2 follows a very good written story with incredibly and amazing cutscenes, again many choices, and lots of different endings (also few endings differ in minor changes only). But it doesn't match its predecessor. In my opinion I feel like the story in general is more studied and bigger than the first witcher, more interesting to follow and play (contrarily to the first witcher), but fails with reflecting the player's choices where the first witcher succeeded and fails with the escalation of epicness with the epilogue where the first witcher succeeded as well.
In other words The Witcher 2 has a very good story, but doesn't reach the immense peak of its predecessor, making it look like a chapter made for the sole purpose of linking the first and third game.

[h1][i]GRAPHIC. Engine And Artistic aspects.[/i][/h1]
Astonishing. A huge leap forward compared to the first title. CD Projekt Red developed their own Engine, REDengine, and it really shows marvels. Incredible vast environments, lightings and great characters details. It runs great on my GTX 1060 unless you activate the Ubersampling option, which definitely kills performace even on my rig, without sensible graphic improvements.
Many big worlds have been created with an immense care for details, as usual full of life, with peasants, animals, or even remains and corpses if we're visiting mines or crypts.
Just one thing. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe it was my impressions but I have the slight feeling colors are a bit oversaurated. I don't know...

[h1][i]SOUNDTRACK. Themes and Accompaniments.[/i][/h1]
Music includes a really good score, with melodic movements and more action oriented tracks, as usual. It has a good variety of tracks and doesn't repeat itself too much.
Once again during dialogues thre are few volume differences here and there, but less than the first title, so nothing too annoying.

[h1][i]GAMEPLAY. How does it work?[/i][/h1]
There are many interesting aspects and mechanics about the game and a nwbie could easily get lost, however there's a good tutorial that covers all the necessasry to understand the game.
However, mostly like the first Title, The witcher 2 is has RPG elements, so gain experience with quests and killings, and improve your stats. However this time stats are ruled by a skill tree with 4 branches, a base one, swordfight, alchemy, and signs. Your inventory can be filled with elements to brew potions, oils or bombs, as in the first title; you can find more armors and swords, you can craft them as long as you find the recipes, and so on.
What totally changed is the combat system. You still have your signs that still are the only kind of magic you can use, but this time sword fighting has adopted a classic action approach with two styles only, normal and heavy strikes.
I've found this change easier to approach and begin with but personally I've missed the 3rd group sword style from the first title as you will find yourself surrounded by monsters or enemies in more occasions. Sure, one of the abilities from the Swordfight branch of the skill tree allows some group damage to surrounding enemies but it has a limited area of impact.
Also animatons are good, but in the first witcher that silver blade was really swinging all the way with much more style! XD
This time missions wil have a bit more variety, both main quests and secondary ones. There wil be curses to lift, investigations to do, ambiguous dialogues with deceiving characters that will force you to never trust anyone and so on.

[h1][i]LAST NOTES. What doesn't work?[/i][/h1]
Nothing. One can get used to new alchemic and meditation systems, also the new combat style is easier to learn and use. Story is very good, side missions are interesting, choices are important. In my opinion the only bad note about the Witcher 2 is that it doesn't get to the levels of the first Title in terms of story and choices, and this makes the game less memorable, even though it's well worth playing.

[h1][i]TL;DR. Pros And Cons[/i][/h1]
[h1]+++PROs+++[/h1][list]
[*][b] EVOLUTION.[/b] This second chapter represent an immense evolution in almost all aspects. Engine is awesome even nowadays, locations are crafted with a lot of care, soundtrack is very good, story, cutscenes, dialogues and choices are well written, gameplay is more approachable than the first title.
[/list]
[h1]---CONs---[/h1][list]
[*][b] NOT THE FIRST.[/b] This second chapter is very good and worth playing. But it doesn't reach the epicness and level of choices of the first title.
[/list]

[i]I played this game on this machine:
Intel Core i7-4970
16Gb RAM DDR3
GeForce GTX 1060 6Gb
Windows 10 Professional x64[/i]

[quote] You can follow my reviews through my curator page: [url=store.steampowered.com/curator/28510673]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You can also join my Steam group: [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/EverybodysReviews]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You  are welcome to join and post your own reviews, we can support each other![/quote]
The sequel to the first Witcher game marks a huge departure from its predecessor, and luckily it's mostly for the best. Unlike the previous game, I went into this one knowing that I'd probably have a good time, and I'm glad that turned out to be true.

Clocking in at a little over 35 hours, the Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings is a little shorter than the first game, even when you complete most of the content on offer. However, this game also doesn't feature as much back and forth between locations as the first one, which is a welcome change. It's still present, some quests even have generous amounts of walking between two characters in a city just to make progress in a quest, but for the most part, quests have been streamlined in that regard. Streamlined, that's a word that could be used to describe this game when comparing it to its predecessor. Some would go as far as to say it has been brutally [i]"consolized"[/i], but I disagree. In fact, I believe it has, in many ways, helped shape this game into a small masterpiece that oozes talent, passion and love from its dev team.

First off, the obvious: This game is downright gorgeous. CD Projekt RED built an entirely new engine for the Witcher 2, and it is a huge improvement on the old Aurora engine they licensed from Bioware for the first Witcher. The trade off for having incredible visuals is that the game has a lot of small buffer zones to camouflage its loading times. To go from Flotsam into the forest, you have to traverse a small area along the walls with two doors that you have to open manually. The same goes for the transition from the Kaedweni camp into the grassy area around it. Vergen has you going through a small corridor before reaching the outside world, and so on. It's no big deal and I'll take this over long loading screens any day, but once you notice it, you'll never be able to ignore it again.

Presentation as a whole has been improved, with a more discrete, less invasive but still tasteful HUD, the menus could be more snappy especially when loading saves but other than that they're fine, character models look superb even if the game sometimes goes too far with the bloom, making faces look weird, and conversations in general are more entertaining, even allowing for the use of signs or intimidation to convince someone. They did however reduce dialog options to just a few words that often don't even represent what your character is going to say, the same thing I blasted Fallout 4 for many times. I really hope this is changed in the third game.

Combat has been improved a LOT, going from [i]"click on your enemy repeatedly, sometimes change your style depending on what enemy you're facing, and spam 360° Igni"[/i] to a system that's somewhat reminescent of Dark Souls at times, with rolls, parries and ripostes, and enemies that pose an actual threat. I also found myself using all the signs at regular intervals, and even potions became a necessity at times, especially while replaying the game on its higher difficulties. It's much more engaging and also feels very rewarding when you learn how to deal with enemies that used to give you a lot of trouble.

Side activites have been expanded to include fist fighting matches and arm wrestling in addition to the returning dice poker. The fist fighting mostly boils down to hitting keys or buttons at the right time, I don't think I ever lost a single match. Arm wrestling has you keeping a circle in a moving bar, which can go wrong and is therefore more engaging, and dice poker is even more luck based than in the first one. These activities can help you earn money but you can never wager much so it still takes ages. Luckily there's mods to increase the max amount of money you can put on the table. The mod support for this games is quite decent and the nexus has many interesting tweaks for players who are looking for a slightly altered experience.

Writing...characters are definitely more interesting and layered than they were in the first game, which was already pretty good at this, but the improved presentation and character models helps taking them seriously now. The overall plot however is not as straightforward as it could be. Even having played the first game and spent an unhealthy amount of time in the lore sections, I still had to print out a map of the world to be sure I knew where exactly countries are in relation to each other. It kind of hurts the enjoyment of a game that's otherwise great at providing entertaining character interactions, quality humor and choices that make you stop and and think, not to mention a huge decision at the end of chapter 1 that literally changes the entirety of chapter 2 and some parts of chapter 3.

Soundtrack and sound design are also an improvement over the first game, making fights more epic and visceral, sad scenes more impactful, all that good stuff. The game offers a lot of replayability. After my first run, I liked it so much that I decided to get all the achievements, so I restarted the game on Dark difficulty, took the alternate path at the end of chapter 1 and discovered a whole new game. And my third playthrough on Insane difficulty also led to some quests I'd never seen before. No section of the game was too tedious to replay, which is a good sign if you ask me.

In conclusion, the Witcher 2 offers a more accessible but not necessarily worse experience than the first game. I prefer the story of the first Witcher, but that aside, pretty much everything else has been improved, from the combat to the visuals, soundtrack, character interactions and quests. I very much recommend playing this game if you like action RPGs, and it's also a great occasion to get into the Witcher series.
It's very rare to play an RPG that does not feature a globe trotting, world saving, massive journey taking main character--And it's even rarer to do that [i]twice[/i]. Yet here we are with CDPR's incredibly crafted sequel to the legendary Witcher 1, and they have absolutely captured lightning in a bottle once again. Following the events of the previous installment's ending, players find themselves assuming the role of Geralt of Rivia once more as he's tasked with ensuring King Faltest's safety during a major battle to regain heirs to the throne. When an assassin catches the witcher off guard and commits regicide, Geralt sets off on a quest with Dandelion, Triss, Zoltan, and newcomer Roche to capture the kingslayer and the witcher's name. Throughout the three chapters within the Witcher 2, players will encounter sorceresses who are not what they seem, great beasts intent on killing everything in their path, kings who see the witcher as a pawn to do their bidding, and a troll that gets drunk and ignores his bridge duties, among other things.

While the Witcher 1's combat was generally regarded as clunky but servicable, the Witcher 2's combat greatly innovates the concept and improves in nearly every single way. The gameplay could possibly be regarded as a hack and slash, but you absolutely won't get away with simply diving into battle and swinging with wild abandon, lest you want to load your save fifty times in a row--players must tactically dodge, roll, and parry with every strike and use all available resources in order to survive. This simply isn't like previous game in which the player can skirt by without ever coating their blade in oil or drinking only Swallows--the Witcher 2 will kick your ass with its difficulty.

Storywise, the Witcher 2 is stronger than ever. The mature themes and writing the Witcher series is known for continue to pervade throughout this sequel, with gritty realism and bleakness factoring into the story's plots and subplots. Choices have to be made, and these choices are never good versus evil, but rather the lesser of two evils or a mixture of gray scaled justice and consequence. Choices you made in the Witcher 1 will come back to bite you or remind you of just who you are, and choices you make here will reveal after effects--some soon, some later. Everything matters.

As for a few short remarks, the music is almost as excellent as the first series' entry, though perhaps not as memorable. The voice acting is leagues ahead of the Witcher 1 as well as the characters' models themselves. Indeed, the graphics and art style of the Witcher 2 look [i]intensely[/i] beautiful, and I can only imagine what the Witcher 3 will look like.

Overall, just like its predecessor, the Witcher 2 is an excellent CRPG with a few minor flaws, but otherwise is near perfection in gameplay, story telling, and building a breathing, believable world where the stakes are high and the choices have impact. If you are questioning whether or not you should start your Witcher journey, I wholeheartedly recommend you begin with the Witcher 1 and then make your way here. For those who have finished the Witcher 1 and are wondering if its sequel is just as good, I will tell you this: it is better, and it is incredible.
RECOMMEND WITH A WORD OF WARNING

This game is really fun - but a word of warning:  The steam game is not fully updated through Steam for some reason.  Because of this you may run into game breaking bugs like I did.  These are only fixable by loading a save hours and hours back.

So do yourself a favor and visit the developers support page and manually update the game to fix this.  Currently they are up to patch 3.4 (download 3.3 and then the game launcher will update to 3.4)

http://en.cdprojektred.com/support/?support-product=the-witcher-2
the Witcher II is one of the best RPG's I have ever played. The game is based on series of fantasy novels by Andrzej Sapkowski named "the Witcher". The story overall is a sequel to the Witcher SAGA. The game has a very extrodinary combat system, along with character development. The choices and the dialogs that you chose have a big impact on the overall story. 

the PROS: 
+ great combat system
+ pretty Geralt and pretty girls.
+ long 
+ huge amount of replayability
+ rich fantatasy world and storyline
+ amazing graphics and textures

the CONS
+ can't think of any. 
- crashed twice.
Reviewing the first game of The Witcher Saga I remember writing "this is a badass RPG"... well, this second installment is at least ten times better. The combat system is much more fluid, allowing spectacular kill-streaks, and the game is pretty fun to play even with a gamepad (but navigating the inventory with it is kinda frustrating). Graphics-wise the game is just wonderful, it seems impossible that it was released in 2011. The story is compelling and full of humour, intrigues and plot twists, and since you'll have to choose between two possible paths at the end of Act I, you need AT LEAST two different playthroughs to explore all the content (but to really see everything you'll probably need to reload your savegame at least 4 or 5 times in certain situations). 

I cannot think about a single reason not to try this game, especially if you're a RPG aficionado. They're pretty cheap (Summer sale is about to start and I guess you can buy both games for around 6 or 7 euros) and they're absolutely awesome. Plus, you'll support CD Projekt RED, a GREAT developer that will also give you a DRM Free copy on GOG if you enter your Steam Key on their website. 

Try The Witcher Saga. You won't be disappointed.
The Witcher 2 is by far one of best RPG games i've ever played. Open world game play, great enviroment and amazing story and More than 2-3 endings. I would reccomend this game to any fans of the witcher games or any RPG fans.
Welcome to Witcher 2! Be aware that by the time you've finished this game, your parents will most likely at least once try to talk you into not watching porn and you will have perfected the Art of igniting Torches. Useless you say? I've heard that it can be put to great use in the next sequel so do be proud of yourself.

Anyway, past the introduction, the story in TW2 continues with Geralt trying to connect the missing pieces of his past in an even darker and more mature sequel. One of the first things the player will notice is the vast improvement in graphics compared to TW1 and the fact that the whole story takes a more political and character-manipulating approach with more dialogues and character interactions compared to the first, all played briliantly throughout the game without disturbing its flow or requiring you to read anything and also in beatifully made cinematics. That being said, voice-acting is excellent in this game. 

You will never feel like an unearthly superhuman who descended upon Earth to lay waste and conquer the realms, something that many other RPGs turn their protagonist into. Instead here in TW2, you will start low, in a cell under interrogation, discriminated because of your race, open to manipulation and lies thanks to your Amnesia syndrom, abused through temptation and charm from cunning and ambitious women who will lie to you and have you do their bidding... or at least try to. This game tries to take a more realistic approach than many others, but doesn't always succeed in it. You will understand once you get to the sex scenes...

In visual terms and system resources, the game is incredibly well optimized, easily reaching Ultra graphics with stunning results in even medium to top tier GPUs. Sure it might be a 2011 game, but when you've played games like GTA4 who can't even handle Shadows while driving or DOS1-EE which froze every few seconds on 120+ FPS or even Just Cause 2 which crashed every 5 minutes, then you will realize what I'm talking about. This game never laged or crashed on me.

This is one of the games that outright shines in story, plot, graphics and immersion. The sounds, the characters, the backstabbings, the betrayals, the romance and the mystery behind the Witcher will keep every RPG fan and those of the series entertained. I found the cinematics in TW2 to be one of the best so far in all my RPG games played, easily compared to those of the KH series. Outright fascinating! 

But now It's time to mention the negative parts of the game. TW2 has one of the worst UI and visual alerts I've seen, making it MANDATORY to use Mods which remove the Capacity and Weight limit, the pointless cooldown of your pendant and optionaly remove the limited Ability Points and let Geralt unlock his maximum potential. Potions during battle, just like in TW1 was for me also a must-have mod for a first playthrough. You can not possibly expect to know what kind of monsters you will face next, unless you've played the game before.
 There are also mods which improve the Combat, which was unfortunately poorly made. Even in Medium difficulty, I found out that spamming and maxing Quen and slashing my way through was enough to beat the entire game. 
 
Speaking about terrible UI and character movement, rest assured that you are not the only one who didn't manage to loot every Crate in the game (yes the ones stuck in the corner behind a bed or other crates) or that your Camera simply denies you from looting a particular crate or sack lying on the floor. And then we have the Pendant which you have to spam every 3 seconds (with the Mod) to loot all those plants and barrels and find the random sources of power placed in ridiculous places with zero clue given to you.
 And of course... the torches! Holy shit that was a top-class player trolling with all this torch-next-to-NPC and torch next to important interractable object farce! This isn't Master Geralt, this is freaking Master Torch-Igniter! 

Then we have the Map and the Backtracking. Oh, how many times I got lost in the Dwarf city trying to find said NPC or I had to return to the very end of the dungeon, because killing the end-boss triggered a cutscene which then spawned me somewhere else afterwards, leaving me unable to loot anything in the last dungeon area. 
 This is a big issue I found in TW2, it's lack of freedom. The story forces you down on a number of Chapters and locks-out uncompleted quests after each Chapter. Quests which without an external guide are sometimes impossible to solve. I have missed a various quests during my playthrough, but sadly there weren't all that many in the first place. 
 
And then you have to pick a race to support mid-game, meaning you lose all other quests, events, sex scenes and story of the unchosen path. Yes, I know that second playthroughs are a thing, but trust me, few players will replay the entire game only to view the differences in a single Chapter which is also in the middle-end of the game. 
 But to be fair, there are a few universal quests which were fantastic and memorable, my favourite being "The Secrets of Loc Muinne".

Generally, compared to TW1, the sequel improved considerably on some points (Graphics, Story, Cinematics, the Journal, the voice-acting), but has worsened in other aspects, like the Combat, the Alchemy and the Potions, the Freedom of choice and quests, the game length, the UI, the unclear instructions especially during boss fights and the visual alerts which were terrible at times. 

Still this is an above average game, sadly not as good as The Witcher 1, but a game I would easily consider "Good". Do not expect to find your joy through the Combat or the Gameplay, but instead try turning down the difficulty to Easy or Medium and enjoy the Story, the Quests and the Cinematics which will not disappoint you.
Value for your bucks? With a 3$ price on sale, it's easily worth your money!
Witcher 1 and Witcher 3 focus more on Geralt’s personal story, while Witcher 2 deals more with continent-wide political struggles. As such the story can get pretty complicated, even for a dedicated Witcher fan. Nonetheless, the value on offer is [i]incredible[/i]. The franchise has some of the best voice acting, story telling and world building of any game in existence.

People often complain about the combat, and I have no idea why. You can’t just run in and YOLO it. Be methodical, use dodge a lot, disengage and reengage from combat, watch out for your positioning, use signs like Aard and Igni, know when to use light and heavy attacks, try to hit from behind, down a potion and use blade oils. Yet people will sh_it on Witcher 2’s combat and give Skyrim a pass? Give me a break. There’s so much you can do in combat and its great fun, especially on high difficulties.

I’d recommend playing on dark difficulty. Play on insane if you hate yourself.
[h1] Immersive story with a terrific graphics [/h1]

The Witcher 2: Assassins of The Kings is a game which is able to devour you for days and you still won't have enough of it after finishing. The game noticeably focuses on storytelling and explicates everything to the detail so even the most curious and demanding players get their money's worth. 

The famous witcher, Geralt of Rivia, lost his memory and slowly remembers what had happened. On his way he has many options what to do, how to respond or react, but still everything revolves around a mysterious slayer of the kings. This assassin might be the key to Geralt's past. Geralt's path is completed by a wide range of cutscenes which complements already thrilling story.

[b]Pros[/b]

✪ Detailed story and background
✪ Breathtaking cutscenes
✪ High quality graphics 
✪ Large scale of possibilities
✪ Elaborate 3 branch talent tree

[b]Cons[/b]

✪ Complex background could be chaotic for new players and takes a while to understand who is who and what is going on. On the other side players can simply ignore parts which are not directly connected to Geralt. [spoiler] They will miss a lot though [/spoiler]
✪ Combat system is something I personally didn't enjoy much and had a problem to cooperate with. Still it's something players get used to. 

[b]8.5 /10[/b]
A great improvement and sequel to the original witcher, the witcher 2 is a beautiful yet clunky game.
[h1]Pros[/h1]
[list]
[*] Beautiful Graphics
[*] Voice acting and dialogues are good
[*]The choices you make really do alter the course of the game and story, different choices lead to different missions and outcomes hence the game has high replayability value. The also choices can carry on to witcher 3
[*]Story is pretty good with various branching paths.
[*]Combat has been significantly improved and is fun compared to the witcher 1, best played using a controller.
[*]Quests are fun and there are some really intersting quests as well
[*]Characters feel real and fleshed out
[*]The game has some deep lore and history
[/list]
[h1]Cons[/h1]
[list]
[*]Some of the animations, cutscene transitions and movement feel clunky adn stiff
[*]The story turns very political mid game and you might have a hard time understanding or feel confused if you dont pay attention or read up on the history you can find in the ingame books
[*]There is quiet a bit fo reading involved if you want to go into the lore and history
[*]The aming and aim lock system does not work very well
[*]There are a few bugs, glitches and you might experience chrashes as well
[*]Inventory is kinda hard to navigate when using a controller
[*]Some mechanics like the skill points and mutagens are not done really well since you never gain enough skill points to unlock all the skills and you are also never taught how to use mutagens so most people never do.
[/list]
The Witcher 2 is an amazing experience and despite it's clunky feel and few bugs the game is still very fun and worth getting into, if you play witcher 1 and load a save file from the witcher 1 then you will have access to new beginning weapons and  amour along with more dialogue options, interactions and a few extra choices but you can play it without playing the first installations since there is not much changes. This game is best played with a controller than mouse and keyboard. I highly recommend picking this up and since the witcher franchise goes on sale a lot you can get it on a sale.
8/10
Bigger, more beautiful and far more complicated, The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings is a terrific game, but beware, you might find yourself missing certain details and plots if you haven’t read the books.

[h1]Story[/h1]

We continue our adventures as Geralt of Rivia, the famous monster slayer, this time, we face new difficulties as a mysterious group of people has started killing kings, we find ourselves struggling to clear our name after being framed for one of these murders. Following clues, finding key people and killing monsters will be the foundations for this new quest for the Witcher. More and complicated political issues and alliances are part of the story this time, as we have to take sides, each side leading to new missions and characters.

[h1]Gameplay[/h1]

The Witcher 2 is a totally different game if we compare it to the original title, controls have been changed making gameplay more difficult to get used to, as we must learn how to use every new control and key. Bombs, traps and daggers were incorporated to make gameplay more varied, we still have the use of signs and our well-known steel and silver swords.

On this occasion, signs feel more significant, they have a different touch, this time signs make you feel they are important to use depending on the battle we are having or the danger we are facing, they are concise and powerful to use, they deliver powerful blows and do a great deal of damage, even more if you level up the power and use of stamina.

Bombs, traps and daggers are a great new addition, but in my case, I stuck only to bombs as they are more reliable and have more variation, poisonous, shrapnel, explosive, you name it, we have many different bombs for different situations, they are created the same way potions are created, by meditating, just get the right ingredients and the formula and you are all set.

The new system includes quickslots, very helpful in fighting situations, here you can select which kind of secondary attack you wish to use, bombs, traps and daggers are the only options.

Meditating is still tactical, as you may know, the witcher games are not the typical hack ‘n’ slash game, before going into any battle against monsters or humans, meditating is important and a must for you have to drink the right potion and brew what you need for battle, this characteristic has been improved as well, we no longer need a fire to meditate, just any place with no danger around will suffice. Leveling up will give us points we can spent on the skill tree where we have four paths, each of these paths have multiple options we can improve, so choosing correctly is up to you.

Depending on the development of your skill tree Geralt will start showing more fighting moves, the power of signs will increase, toxicity tolerance will improve and also a new addition has been introduced, the adrenaline rush, a perk that will deliver a killing move as an in-game cinematic.

TW2 offers more variety regarding armors and swords, the previous title was very limited and the creation of new swords was narrowed to some few silver and steel swords, even worst for armor sets, here we get to find new and better armor sets with many different perks and characteristics, the same for swords, blacksmiths are more common and ingredients for the creation of new tools are plentiful.

[h1]Graphics[/h1]

TW2 is a beautiful game, it is a gigantic step taken if we compare it to the original witcher, gameplay changed so did graphics and effects, it feels smoother and more defined. While the graphics are one of a kind here, the game also offers a great detail in weather effects and it adds a more consistency regarding the climate as well as day and night cycles. The engine really shines every time many of these aspects interact whether in battle or just when searching for clues related to any of the many missions and side-quests. There are little details in all sort of vegetation, the skies show multiple effects depending on the levels and sometimes in the distance the firmament is shown full of stars. More importantly, the engine is very keen to show off the diversity in the main cities we visit. Especially Upper Aedirn, a fantastic city built by dwarves, every stone, from a little stone to the biggest of the constructions the city is of a great design, it really captures the atmosphere of a place that has seen countless battles, magnificent.

[h1]Sound and voices[/h1]

The series has always been very serious regarding sound and voice acting, and this time is not an exception, voice actors did a great job on every aspect of the acting, characters are believable and demonstrate different kind of accents during the story, we even get to listen to more of the elves’ language, superb work, nothing negative here.

As for sound, TW2 is solid, we can feel the atmosphere on any landscape’s sound, nature, monsters etc. Everything is unique and deserves attention while the music adds intention and action to every battle, mission and interaction. Outstanding.

[h1]The bad but not serious[/h1]

Perhaps what makes this game difficult to get used to is the amount of characters, their personal views, politics and different story lines and past events that make the lore of the witcher a deep abyss of details, it might be complicated for people not familiar with the books, at least, on my first play through, I felt lost in the middle of the politics, unlike the original witcher, TW2 shows a more mature and adult view of the world. I would mention not to pick this one without a little bit of knowledge related to the lore, I strongly recommend the books to get a better insight of the witcher world and politics, after that, the series starts to be easier to understand and at the same time it helps appreciate even more the different aspects of the game, the kingdoms, lands and peoples, wars and history.

[h1]Conclusion[/h1]

As I said before, The Witcher 2 is a more mature game, a more adult-oriented title that will not disappoint at all, it has the depth regarding stories and lore, and it shows a more complex game style, definitely a must for RPG lovers and fans of the books.
What an immersive tale! This game really ticks all the boxes (except for one very minor point) for a great RPG.

Since I played this game right after finishing the first Witcher game I need to say how much more fun the game is to play. Even if there's a fair amount of 'backtracking' it never feels like a chore. My main problem with the first game (the fighting mechanics) got a complete overhaul and are now actually one of the game's stronger points.

The presentation is great. The graphical style, the oversaturated colours and the effects really add up to an amazing experience even today. The music and sound effects are very atmospheric too. The voice acting is even better than in the first game and that's quite a feat to achieve.

One major issue with the game is the length. It's just too short! It's an intense ride and after 30 to 40 hours you just don't feel like letting go. Luckily there's a really good incentive to replay the game right away (which I'll do now).

Another minor complain is the save system. You can save manually and can quicksave, but you can't overwrite older manual saves nor quicksaves. That leads to a huge amount of save files if you don't delete them manually... one by one. Really don't know why the game does it this way.

The plot and the characters are the main flesh of the game and they are making the whole game the gem that it is. The three chapters are perfectly balanced and not at all streched out this time. I only wish there was a bit more to do besides the main story, but I gladly take the 'no filler' approach if it's this well made.

The game is great and even if it's packed with cutscenes, they are all worth it. Just a great RPG that makes me hungry for the third part.
I have bought this game a couple of years ago but I haven't played it, I decided to play it this year, 2018, and I simply love it!

It has good graphics and a good plot, and oh.. some adult scenes!
You can expect to spend at least 30 hours to finish this game! it's very rich and immersive, to the point of me wishing to buy The Witcher 3 and 1.

 I was a bit overwhelmed by the combat mechanics at first, and I don't ususaly play RPG games, but this one is a must! 10/10

This was my first run, and I want to play it again, as I am an achievement hunter! also, try to pick more of the story and side quests.
After completing The Witcher, my expectations were very high. I loved the first game, and I couldn't wait to see the continuation of Geralt's story. The second game was such a far cry from the first one, that I actually had to step away from it for a few weeks to readjust myself to the incredible changes of look and gameplay. When I came back to it, I got caught up in a very beautiful and complicated story.

The game is beautiful. It could be described as one giant screenshot. I played the game on Medium specs, and wondered how it could possibly get any better. But than again, I''m pretty new to this type of quality in gaming. Up until 5 months ago, I was still playing on a Playstation 2, so there you go... So yes, it is very pretty, sounds pretty, awesome characters, you need to do all the side quests because they all are necessary blah blah blah. We know all that already. Let's get nitpicky or this will be just another review saying that this is the second part of a trilogy leading to the greatest game of all time forever...

Now, the story is very very very political. In comparison to the first game, it felt more like a historical drama that just happens to take place in a sort of fantasy Eastern European setting. You may have to constantly check your journal to refresh yourself on all the characters and who is in what faction and the kingdom's leaders so you choose the side you want to join, and possibly end up backstabbing anyways because the world of The Witcher is.....so.....complicated. At the end of the game, Geralt says,"I'm tired of choosing the lesser evil." I was right there with him. This game is not about right or wrong. It is all about ethics. This game really does right the game mechanic or not having a clear cut right/wrong answer. There are only consequences.

The world is beautiful but finding your way around it is horribly confusing. The world map is very hard to read as far as knowing where exactly you want to go. It is very small. Also, it does not help with the circular mini map that is on screen. I never had a problem navigating in The Witcher. As much as I enjoyed exploring the world, I wish navigating it had been less complicated. 

The combat system is very different from the first game. It took a lot of getting used to for me since I loved the combat in the first game. I had to play the game on Easy to get a handle on it. I do intend to go back and replay it again on Normal. The idea that Geralt has to drink potions before battle is annoying and understandable at the same time. Boss battles are easy to prep for, while other times you want to drink a potion in the heat of battle that you didn't see coming but you can't because you are in the heat of battle!

This game was very enjoyable. It takes huge leaps forward in terms of how it looks, while the combat system may be a turn off to those who enjoyed the first game. As much as I enjoyed it, I would say to those that play the The Witcher FIRST, take a few days/weeks off of the series to clear your fingers and eyes mindset.
[b] What is The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition? [/b]

An enhanced verison of the Action-Role-Playing game (RPG) by CD PROJEKT RED.

[b] Did you like it? [/b]

Yes, I did.

[b] Why should I buy it? [/b]

The game is very immersive with an interesting world and many well-designed characters. The story is very good and exciting. The combat-system was improved and is now more satisfying than in the predecessor. Character animations (in particular the facial-animations) were also improved.

[b] Are there any flaws? [/b]

The only problem I had were some technical issues, maybe like 10 crashes in a 35 hour playthrough, which is still bearable, of course. It might only be a problem with my system, but other people also reported technical issues. 

Playing this game once is like getting 40% of the story. (Even when you spent 50 hours to do all the side quests and trying to read in-game books, chat with NPCs and trying to get much info about in-game world as possible)

When you playing the game second time - just curious what happen if you change your choices and play style (harder difficulty, different skill tree) - you would stay stunned like "HOLY SHIT! There are so much possibilities, characters, events, new unexplored areas, new quests, connections, consequences and points of views I could not even imagine on first time play."  There it comes the moment you start really realize what have you trully done, changed, and to whom you probably helped on the first play. (In game there are lots of shady characters and you can never be sure of their goal and side when you just look at them from one point of view). Obviously the second play results in decision, that you have to play that game at least one more time.

To deeper understanding the story I really recommend to read all Witcher books from Andrzej Sapkowski which are events before Witcher games. And in Witcher 2 you would need those information much more then in Witcher 1 (one could say that you really dont need to know much about books in W1) to get full understanding about what is really going on. And what is finaly going to happen in W3 Wild Hunt.

The impact of your choices to the game characters, lands and whole word order is HUGE and will probably means a LOT in grand finale in Witcher 3 so far as I can see and will be very interesting to see how they change the next episode. Thus I reccomend you to keep your final saves from Witcher 2 to import them to Witcher 3. (I heard that steam cloud only stores last 100 saves. I have about 250 saves on 1 ending, which means you are not able to keep all your endings in cloud after uninstaling. Keep that in mind)

Summary:
+ Great story continuation of Witcher books by Sapkowski
+ make your choices and face their consequences
+ singleplayer you can and should play more then once (multiple endings)
+ choices and results imported from Witcher 1 and to Witcher 3
+ shady fantasy world in its real nature (nothing is black and white)
+ amazing graphic world
+ nice cinematic scenes
+ nice soundtrack
+ swordmanship, magic and potions

- too much saves results in crashing (you need to clean up your old saves in folder from time to time)
- players thad didnt read books could be a bit lost in plot and could miss much important things (but still could enjoy the playing :p)
- playing on the highest difficulty is both: incredible easy (most of the time) and almost impossible (on specific event when you lack some specific skill - "riposte/position/feet work" seems like Holy Trinity to surviving - which result in "hours" of reloading trying to beat the game with different skill tree. Simply boring and makes you angry. Especially without riposte it takes much much much more longer and its very hard to survive when you controll ghost soldiers in ghost battle (it seems that this is the only skill that is usable in that fight and your increased vigor - not through potions though - all other stats, improvements, and skills you choose are not applicable in that part of the game making this one skill like a must-win / must-lose-hard choice. Yeah it is possible even without it if you have the nerves and time ;) I did. Just warning you :P

If you made it through Witcher 1, then this is part of the reward. Gone are the terrfying NPC models, stilted dialogue and hamfisted cut-scenes. This is so polished and aesthetically pleasing, it is hard to believe it's developed by the same company. Excellent all-round with minor detractions that are of no real concern.
I only played it to get a better understanding of the witcher universe before starting on Witcher 3.

Overall 
Graphics - 8/10 Pretty good for a game that came out in 2011, with mods its even better, not as good looking as skyrim modded but its good.

Gameplay - 7/10 You can't jump in this game which is annoying. Combat Mechanics feel abit clunky but it gets the job done. Its not a hack n slash game, you have to plan before the fight and make use of other mechanics such as parrying, dodging, spells, oils and potions besides spamming left click - sword attack button. Else, you'll get rekt.


Story - 8/10 The choices you make affect the places you go to as well as the outcome of the storyline. You could play through this game twice to experience entirely different areas and outcomes. 

Overall: Bought it for $2 during steam sale, You got an almost polished AAA title. Its a no brainer, get it.
Rating: 8/10
Overview: Third Person RPG

The Good:
+ Making difficult choices is at the heart of the Witcher series, early in the game you must make a choice that completely alters the story and quests providing a very good incentive for a replay. These choices are not black and white, good or evil but often fall in the moral grey area forcing you to really think about your actions. Every choice has good and bad points and often carries consequences with it.  

+ Well written side-quest that offer multiple ways of completing them. Some side quests span the entirety of the game depending on your choices. 

+ The story is very deep and complex and can be overwhelming given the number of people and locations involved. The story deals heavily in politics and power and those that really immerse themselves in the lore will truly appreciated everything the designers and writers have made.  

+ 3 skill trees; magic, swordsman and alchemy, each one provides a different way of engaging enemies in battle. 

+ Find items, plants allowing you to craft potions and equipment

+ Lots of mods 

The Average:

+/- Combat is much improved over the first game but still feels a bit lackluster compared to other games. You must invest in certain skills for combat to become more flexible.  It isn’t until halfway through the game when you have enough experience points for combat to feel a bit more engaging. You can’t move and block at the same time making it almost pointless to block.   

The Bad:

- The game does not overwrite any saves, doesn’t matter if its an autosave, manual save or quicksave, it makes a new file for each one. After a few hours of playtime you could have a lot of saves that could cause problems. 

- This game has a nasty cloud save bug where it no longer works properly causing you to lose many hours of game time. Disabling steam cloud doesn’t seem work and the ‘solution’ to fix this doesn’t always work.  Deleting and reinstalling also didn’t work. 

Conclusion:
A brilliant RPG that isn’t afraid to deal with serious, mature subject matter. Your choices carry a lot of weight making the story feel more impactful. A combat system that takes a while to really feel good and a nasty technical bug holds it back. 

Piles of dead bodies, chaos and havoc everywhere, monsters and mutants crawling around every corner, demanding you to fight tooth and nail, beautiful ladies and lots of drinking problems. This game is basically Poland simulation. Gave it 9/10.
A great Role Playing Game.


What i felt was good:
+ The design of the world, it is beautifully handcrafted.
+ Rich lore thanks to The Witcher books
+ Voice acting is great.
+ No pansy censorship.
+ You have to actually study/read ingame books to figure out how to battle certain enemies or what piece of puzzle you are missing to finish a quest (one does not simply "find an Endrega Queen in XY coordinate marked on your map"). Of course you can accidentally figure it all out, no triggers. Quests often feel like a journey not a chore.
+ Difference between Prepared for combat and Casually going somewhere hacking away is very noticeable.
+ Preparation for combat is more important than "leveling up".


Not that good:
- There is no potion for sprinting. Sometimes I'd wish one could sprint for brief moments. You will find yourself running across big towns a lot.

Unsure:
~ Getting used to combat mechanics takes a while, but partially it is about knowledge of enemy and how to counter it.
The Witcher 2 takes place after the Witcher 1, with Geralt being the main character again. This time the story revolves around a kingslayer and the "assassins of kings" with a massive plot unfolding setting the seeds for the North and Witcher 3.

If you are considering playing this before Witcher 3, I would do it. You don't really need to play Witcher 1, but Witcher 2 is a short but relatively impactful story. In fact, the game is actually really short as there are only 3 acts, and act 3 is like two or three big quests in total. One very interesting and awesome thing that Witcher 2 did was add replay value. Starting from the prologue, you can start making choices that affect the end game. One significant choice (Roche vs. Iorveth) actually impacts the game significantly in act 2, with pretty much most of act 2 being different based off of who you sided with. After you side with one of the other, there are still options after as to who to help. According the the Wiki, there are actually 16 endings to the game! Leave it to CD Projekt Red to pull something amazing off like this.

The gameplay has changed quite a bit in Witcher 2 compared to Witcher 1. No longer do you have to carefully chain your attacks by clicking at the right time. The graphics have vastly improved, and the combat is more about hitting and dodging as well as carefully planning out in advance with traps and signs. Basically the game is a complete overhaul of the graphics and combat in Witcher 1, but tried to keep some similar parts. There are still 5 signs to choose from as well as potions, traps, bombs. Meditation in the game became quite a bit more convenient as you can now meditate almost anywhere. Another major improvement is that not all the side characters have the same exact model as they did in Witcher 1, and the voice acting in Witcher 2 is actually really great.

The bad parts of the game are still some things that carry over from Witcher 1. There are still quite a few invisible walls and limited fields of movement. This is supplemented by the fact that there is no jump button. However, you get used to these flaws relatively fast. Another thing I personally disliked was that some keys were permanently bound together. I would have liked my interact button to be E, but that was bound together with left click attack button already permanently. However, these flaws weren't that major and surely weren't anywhere close to game breaking.

Aside from the minor flaws, the Witcher 2 is a great. but short game that serves as a prelude for the events in Witcher 3.

Rating: 8.9/10
Recommend Price: $9.99 (but you can always find this game for cheaper on sales)
I've played this game after I finished The Witcher 3 and The Witcher 1.   
This game is veeeerry different from the other 2, because it's more about politics than "Witcher things".

In my opinion, the Prologue and Chapter I are way too long and kind of boring. You're also way too underpowered in the beginning and it's hard to win any fight, but that changes later when you can upgrade your ability, and Igni gets the most overpowered thing in the game, lol.  

But in Chapter II, this game gets REALLY good and made me fall in love with that game very quickly.   

The cool thing about the game is, that your choices matter and affect the whole storyline of the game.


[h1]Pro: [/h1]
- The Story itself is very good (like in every witcher game)
- The storytelling is amazing (like in every witcher game)
- Your choices matter more than in any game I've ever played and even affect dialouges and appearances from chracters in The Witcher 3 wich is just awesome
- Your choices from The Witcher 1 affect dialogues and sequences in this game, wich, again, is just awesome
- You can import your items from The Witcher 1 wich is cool, although you get better items very early into the game
- Many many choices in conversations
- Voice acting is very good
- The gameplay is fun
- For a game from 2011, fuck this game looks good, and doesn't look outdated at all. Skyrim ,wich came out later than this game, looks like shit in comparison.
- Challenging if you play on Hard (only bossfights)
- Good level design
- Many different endings
- Fun minigames, although they are worse than in The Witcher 1 and The Witcher 3

[h1] Cons: [/h1]
- As I said earlier, you're too underpowered in the Prologue and in the beginning Chapter I
- Too overpowered in the late game (especially Igni)
- The UI is like a bad version of The Witcher 3, it's not horrible, but just not the best and the inventory layout is not really good.
- THIS GAME HAS SO MANY BUGS and crashes so often, it's horrible, but I experienced nothing game-breaking
- Some quests don't have much explenation, so either you have to search soo long for some stuff, or just look it up in the internet wich I usually avoid to do, but in here I just had to

That's it, it's an amazing game. 
[h1][b]9/10[/b][/h1]
Witcher 2 deservers the title “The Best RPG of the Year” in my opinion. Graphically the most impressive RPG to date is truly a PC game, not some mediocre port from consoles. It was developed for PC and will squeeze every bit of your PC power for its full beauty. Gameplay wise, Witcher 2 deserves high praise for its rich story and dialogue. Multiple possible endings will increase its replayability, as well as possibility to permanently fail certain quests. Rich crafting, character development, large beautiful world, interesting characters make this game a must have for all RPG fans. Witcher 3 can’t come soon enough!

Gameplay 8/10
Sound 9/10
Story 9/10
Graphics 10/10
Polish 10/10

Overall Score 9/10 (outstanding game)
This game is truly a masterpiece in storytelling, storyline is just amazingly impressive and the way it slowly engrosses you is just something to be really appreciated. I am not really a fan of RPG games and this game being literally my first RPG to put my hands on. I was really stunned by the story and what not. All the choices were meaningful and this affects the story and the world.
Combat can be more clunky. 
Overall 9/10
Please, play this game!
It's not like witcher 3 open world, it's almost linear, but it's good too, and it helps to understand the witcher 3 history, and the decisions who you made in witcher 1 affects witcher 2 and 3, soo if u want the best play, play them before.
Good game. Even tho I enjoyed the combat and style of the first it gave the game a more unique combat , the second game in the trilogy improves on every aspect of the game.

CD PROJEKT RED did a good job improving the game in every aspect. The story , combat, world and new and interesting characters they turned everything up to 11.

It's a good RPG game and every fan of the genre should play this game. It's a must buy!
It has a surprisingly good graphic even it's a 2011 game.

Still I couldn't run the game on ultra spec smoothly on my GTX 1060 (lose framerate especially when I turn around the camera quickly and I can't slow down because the mouse is too sensitive). Perhaps I need to scale down a little bit lol.

Anyway it's an excellent game with an excellent story.

I'll recommend it 9/10, -1 for the too smooth mouse control and not so smooth gameplay
Pros :
+ Great story
+ Choices affect the story and the world
+ Rich world creation
+ Fantastic graphic
+ Extremely cheap considering 20+ hours of gameplay
+ Solid RPG elements

Cons :
- Awkward gameplay/combat, especially the fact you can't drink potion during combat
- A bit unoptimized

The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition definetely one amazing RPG games with great story and rich world creation.
If you like The Witcher 1, i'm sure you'll love this game very much.
As someone who played the first Witcher game, I have to say that this game is a HUGE leap forward in quality.  The first game was great with its rpg mechanics but had lacking gameplay.  This game keeps the same interesting story and rpg mechanics while pushing the gameplay forward to be more modernized and fun.  It's pretty neat seeing the progression of CD Projekt Red's quality in these games.  I'm aware of the praise that the Witcher 3 has received so I can't wait to move on to it. 

Overall, I definitely recommend this game in the series but I'd say suffer through the first one, which is still a good game in its own right, to truly appreciate the leap in quality.  However if you started with the Witcher 3, the Witcher 1 will seem archaic by comparison, at least gameplay wise hahaha.
+Good Graphics
+Decent Combat
+Great Story
+Good Choices which affect the game (Can affect Witcher 3 if you import your W2 Savefile)

-Interface is Unorganised
-Preparing for Combat with Potions is Tedious
-In Combat you often whiff your attacks
-Your camera does not point towards your target when fighting

8/10
I like The Witcher series so much that I buy extra copies, when they go on sale, and give them out to everyone on my friends list like candy. I then, like a mindless monkey, dolled up my Steam account to be all about The Witcher. Why? Because the game is so ploughing good that I've deemed it my most favorite game of all time and I cannot recommend it enough. The Witcher 1 might not be good for everyone, but I still recommend giving it a shot. If you don't like it, then ignore that and move on to The Witcher 2 instead.

Oh, I also bought all the books. Witcher!
Simply the best adult, fantasy, rpg, i've ever played.  I cannot wait for Witcher 3.  This game has so much story, rich characters, awesome gameplay and visuals. I couldn't get enough.  An epic 10/10.
[h1] TL;DR For The Lazy People [/h1]

[b] Story and Lore [/b] - 5/5 Excellent
[b] Characters [/b] - 4/5 Very Good
[b] Gameplay [/b] - 3/5 Average
[b] Graphics [/b] - 4/5 Very Good
[b] User Interface [/b] - 3/5 Average
[b] Soundtrack and Voice Acting [/b] - 4/5 Very Good

[b] Judgment [/b] -I recommend It - A simply amazing game.


[b] The Witcher 2: Assassin of Kings Enhanced Edition [/b] is a single-player role-playing game, developed by CD Projekt RED, this game is a sequel to The Witcher, where you continue your adventures has Geralt of Rivia a witcher (a monster hunter for hire) throughout a world full of wonder and dangers.

The Witcher 2: Assassin of Kings Enhanced Edition was released on 2012, with roughly 6 years of age at the time of this review, the game is still a fantastic journey to partake in.

[h1] Story and Lore [/h1]

5/5 Excellent

After playing the first Witcher, I had high hopes that the Witcher 2 would have a great storyline and I must say I was not disappointed.

The story revolves around politics and subterfuge, kings, nobles, humans, non-humans and mages all plotting against each other, some for the better of their country and people, others for their own personal gains. Meanwhile also addressing the issue of Geralt missing memory and the conflict between two groups the Blue Stripes and the Scoia'tael.

You will be thrown into a world where everyone is fighting for something and you will be right in the middle of It all.

[h1] Characters [/h1]

4/5 Very Good

Witcher 2 gives you the return of many beloved characters from the first game, from Dandelion our great bard, to Zoltan, Triss and so many more. It also presents you too an amazing new batch of characters which you will come to love or even hate throughout your journey.

[h1] Gameplay [/h1]

3/5 Average

The combat is a massive improvement to the first witcher game, It's a more action based combat witch focus on dodging, parrying, using your signs (magic), throwing knives and even putting traps on the path of your enemies. Going from melee to using signs or even putting traps is a more smooth transition compared to the first game.

Potions and oils give you more diversity in combat, even if you don't particularly go out of your way to use them, potions still have a great use (from seeing in the dark, to giving you toxic tolerance, etc) and oils give you a wide arrange of extra damage (from bleeding damage, to toxic damage and even extra % damage to certain monsters).

Bosses are sometimes frustrating because of the clunky controls (I'm looking at you kayran) but overall they were pretty fun.

It's quite clunky and maybe sluggish at times, It could improve in a lot of areas, but still a lot better than the first Witcher combat.

[h1] Graphics [/h1]

4/5 Very Good

Graphics are, again, a massive improvement compared to the first game. The only thing which bothered me was the massive amounts of bloom, Its one of those things whether you like it or not, personally I thought it was overdone.

[h1] User Interface [/h1]

3/5 Average

I had to sneak a user interface topic on this review, why? Because It's a pretty annoying interface. Its clumsy, sluggish and even playing with a controller doesn't make it any better.
If you ask me what is the worst part of the Witcher 2 I won't think twice in saying Its the User Interface.

[h1] Soundtrack and Voice Acting [/h1]

4/5 Very Good

I must say Witcher 2 has an amazing soundtrack, I love It even more than the first game sound. A shout out to the amazing composers (Adam Skorupa, Krzysztof Wierzynkiewicz, Marcin Przybyłowicz, Michał Cielecki) that made this fantastic music.

Voice acting I feel is the same has the first game, they nailed most if not all of the main character voices, but some side quest characters just sound generic.

[h1] Personal Opinion [/h1]

It is a great game, the combat and interface could be better, but the story/lore and the amazing characters make up for those little flaws. I definitely recommend this game.

[h1] Recommend Highly [/h1]

The Witcher 2 main story is, in my case, shorter when only playing through one story arc (35 hours roughly), than its predecessor when playing on normal. I must say that i was disheartened when it suddenly ended, with the game still feeling as if i had another 20 hours of story to go. Despite this, the game is solid, beautiful, cheeky and the combat was 101% improved from the 1st. If you get the chance, buy it on sale and give it a go. It will leave you itching to play the acclaimed 3rd installment right away! Here's hoping there is more sweet sweet torch igniting action in the next.

[b] The one thing I missed from the First Witcher was the freedom to sleep around. Using only my trusty White Wolf charm and some roses. ;) [/b]
Witcher 2 improves over the original in almost every way. The combat is the biggest change it’s much better overall.  Just like the first game the story is one of the best stories I have played in a video game, I feel so involved in everything that is happening. The amount of detail in the lore just makes the whole experience very rich. Amazing writing, character depth and voice acting sell these characters as real people. Every character is fascinating and you want to learn more about them and in doing so you become more connected to them. The way the story changes by the choices you make has never been so expansive as it was in this game. One choice in particular about a third into the game changes the outcome in the story completely and it almost becomes two games in one because the outcome is so different between each other they end up being completely different experiences. The only thing that keeps this game from being a 10 is the linearity, it is a very linear experience overall, there isn’t much free roaming you can do it’s only strict linear paths. This is something I know the witcher 3 addresses which I am looking forward to.
9/10 (Amazing)
Great story, well thought out characters,Incredibly beautiful detailed world, and challenging combat but very fun.Everything about this game makes it one of my favorites of all time.
Only played this one because I was told to play Witcher 3 because of how great it is. Doing that now, but wanted to say this game still holds up....Definitely worth playing to understand the world and the characters. Great game!
[h1]Story:[/h1]
"The Witcher 2" was inspired by a polish book series  called "Wiedźmin". The game tells the story of Geralt of Rivia, a Witcher who is trying to recover his lost memories. Witchers are basically superhumans who can also cast spells and work as mercenaries, who can work as bodyguards, monster hunters, etc.
In the beginning he is blamed for the murder of King Foltest (who he was working for at the moment) and went to jail. While there, he is given a chance prove his innocence and goes after the King Slayer while still trying to get his memories back.
It's good story overall. I might not be the best but it's certainly good, especially due to the fact that your choices can completly change the Storyline and it has around 4 major endings.

[h1]Gameplay[/h1]
Many people keep complaining about the battle system, but I actually enjoyed it. However, it takes some time until you get used to it.
Geralt has 2 different swords: one is made of steel and the other is made of silver. The steel sword it's used against enemies such humans and elves and the silver one it's used against monsters. He can perform a quick and a heavy attack.
Geralt can cast 5 different spells, a.k.a. signs: 
[b]-Aard[/b]: Knocks back the enemies, preventing them from blocking your next attacks. There's also a chance of stunning the enemies, which allows you to kill them with just one hit;
[b]Yrden[/b]: Creates a trap which stuns the enemies and prevent them from defending themselves;
[b]Ignis[/b]: Geralt casts a fire ball;
[b]Quen[/b]: Provides full damage protection for a short period of time against a few hits;
[b]Axii[/b]: Used to turn an enemy against their allies and to persuade NPCs during some dialogues

His health regenerates very slowly even when you are not in combat, but he can speed it up through potions. However he only drink potions by meditating (which can't be done in combat) and he can't drink too many because they're also toxic.

[h1]Visuals and Soundtrack[/h1]
The game still looks pretty good, especially considering that it was released back in 2011. To make things even better the soundtrack was also very well produced. Combining both elements you can get easily immerse in this fantasy world.

[h1]Cons[/h1]
Now it's time for the cons:
-It's not an easy game, but that's not a problem by itself. The real problem are the difficulty spkies, which can be really frustating and some enemies that might seem cheap;
-The lack of a fast travel mechanic or even a vehicle or an animal to walk around the map can be annoying at times. It might feel good to walk around exploring the world, but when you pass multiple times through the same area it can get a bit annoying;
-The game doesn't explain certain parts such as mutagens and alchemy.



Overall it's really solid title and I recommend it to every RPG fan.
TL;DR version: Despite a rocky start and painful setup (graphics), it won me over within no time. The story is amazing, voice acting is great, maybe not as polished as the Witcher 3, but still great. Playing through this will help understand a lot of things in TW3. Buy it, it's great value for money, especially considering there is a lof of replayability, given the 16 endings based on your choices, and different Acts 2/3.

Detailed:
Initially almost refunded it. The installation includes a scan for 'optimal' settings, which is completely broken. It was so unoptimised, the motion blur gave me motion sickness... 2-3 hours of my playtime went into that launcher toying with the settings until I got it right. Even though I cover it sufficiently, and should be able to play on max settings, I had to tone down a few things and disable all motion blurs. Boom, now it was playable.

The Enhanced edition seems to have the Arena tutorial, which I only used to test my graphics setup to be honest. It's something you may like to skip, pretty awful. I actually used the Prologue as a tutorial, works fine.

Combat is a bit clunky, not as polished as in TW3, but after getting used to it...makes sense. The Space key is your friend. 

The game is not as linear as the first game, but not open world like TW3. You still get plenty of areas to explore and side quests to do. I disliked the carry weight limit, but that can be fixed with mods. Some people dislike the lack of fast travel, I was okay with it. Apart from some mob farming for a certain armor in Act 1 that took forever and Geralt wore the shoes off his feet, there isn't too much tourism.

The story is great. Your choices matter, and for some of them there are real repercussions, like SPOILER ALERT the fate of entire kingdoms! Yeah, plural. Intricate story-telling, not too pushy, keeps you interested, although can be confusing at times for people new to the Witcher world. It actually made me buy the books to learn some of the references, so there you go.

There are indeed whorehouses. I must have paid 2,000+ orens for such services just for the fun of it. Great stuff. There are also other options, ahem, but you'll find that on your own.

All in all, it's a great game, if unoptimised for a lot of devices. The story wins you over and it's definitely worth the money. Even better if you buy the game during a sales period, like I did. Will definitely make the TW3 more enjoyable and enhance the experience there. Also whorehouses.

Buy it.
Another fantastic story/game from CDPR.

I really enjoyed the Witcher 1 and this is a complete upgrade.

Better graphics, better combat.

I definitely recommend this game to Witcher fans or story lovers.
Now onto The Witcher 3! Played this to familiarize myself with the Witcher franchise before I jump into 3. This is a beautifully realized game with some great visuals (for a last gen game), enjoyable and engrossing quests, colorful characters, fun combat, and a great score. Movement felt clunky at times but I got used to it fairly quickly. The story is fantastic and there are so many game changing choices you can make throughout and i'm definitely going to have to play through a second time one of these days.
[quote]Offering a very different style of gameplay to its predecessor, The Witcher 2 Assassin of Kings sees Geralt embark on an action RPG adventure into realms of political intrigue and assassination. It requires some player investment to properly follow the narrative, and combat at even the normal difficulty level  can prove punishing for the button mashers amongst us, but The Witcher 2 is a wonderful follow up to the first game in the series. If you’re a fan of atmospheric and complex RPG’s you can’t go wrong with this one.[/quote]

After introducing Geralt of Rivia in the The Witcher, a mostly successful blend of questing and combat, CDPR had a problem. The format that they’d established in that first game, almost comparable to a cRPG, just wouldn’t work so well with a larger, console owning, audience. It’s with that in mind that the Witcher 2 Assassin of Kings is a giant leap forward in terms of gameplay, modernising it and moving slap bang into third person action RPG territory. Where The Witcher Enhanced Edition feels somewhat dated by today’s standards (but still very much worth the journey), The Witcher 2 wears its age much more gracefully. But is it worth your time investment?

First, to assuage the fears of those who haven’t played the preceding game, The Witcher 2 is essentially standalone. Yes there are a few doffs of the cap to events of the past, and you’ll lack some familiarity with the characters established in Geralt’s journey thus far, but there will be no major difficulties kicking off your adventure here. Nevertheless the story does follow on from the end of the first game, so those who do have an acquaintance with the events of The Witcher will be pleased to see that continue here. The narrative, disseminated to the player through gameplay, cutscenes and Geralt’s journal, can be dense and convoluted, telling a tale of politics and scheming, a literal game of thrones. Without liberal dips into the letters and notes Geralt finds, and if the player doesn’t invest some time into reading his journal entries, it’d be easy to get lost in the overarching storyline. 

But it’s well worth it, and the tale told is interesting and well-paced, never letting the player feel directionless or lost.  Furthermore, The Witcher 2 features branching paths, which adds increasing layers to the deeper story. Without journeying down both routes a lot of detail can be missed, and thanks to a difference in quest allocation and character motivations, a second run-through remains interesting and enjoyable. As with the first game the decisions made along the way can be difficult, and have plot impact, which in turn doesn’t make the split feel like a lazy way of increasing game length. And certainly this time Geralt feels like a player in the main event, rather than a “gopher”, running between talking heads.

In terms of gameplay, as mentioned above, this is very much in the third person ARPG mould, with gamepad support fully featured this time around. If anything there are too many functions to be mapped to a controller, but it works well enough with only the occasional frustration of too many trips to the pause menu. Gone are the rhythm based combat and multiple attack stances of the first game, replaced with a much more tactical type of combat. Rush into battle mashing the attack buttons (light or heavy) and Geralt will end up dead, especially if he’s facing multiple foes. More so than ever, Geralt must use alchemical preparations, potions and oils, prior to combat and utilise his Witcher Signs (read magic) to grant him the upper hand, and take advantage of guard breaks and rear attacks. If anything Geralt can feel underpowered in this regard – from time to time it’d be nice just to rush in and overpower a couple of poorly trained soldiers but doing so will quickly disprove Geralt’s legendary status.

Lootable objects are highlighted via the use of Geralt’s wolf medallion, which has a cool down, and it’s here that many players will look to mods. Simply making collectable objects glow all the time feels like a huge benefit, and constant medallion pings can get a little tiresome outside of quest objectives. Additionally dice poker and boxing have been changed from the first game. The latter is now a simple quick time event, whilst the former is now less fun, with at times inscrutable numbering on the dice, and potential out of bounds throws made worse by the isometric table view. Of course both are optional, and QTE’s for boxing are merely a change rather than a problem, but the dice game feels like a notable downgrade.

Despite its age The Witcher 2 isn’t bad looking either, and anyone going into this with the awareness of its pedigree will not be overly disappointed. Of course there are some signs of visual age, but character animations are good, world design is effective and on the whole the voice acting is good too. Funnily enough, the first game felt more bustling and alive than its successor, but I’d put that down more to locations that are featured than anything else. Sound effects and music are also efficient at generating the requisite atmosphere, although at times Geralt’s quips can get a little repetitive (if you’re not fed up with how badly he thinks the enemy smells by the end of the game then you haven’t been listening!)

Completion of The Witcher 2 will easily breach the 40 hour mark, and a devoted player can readily double that with the advanced difficulty levels and Arena mode. And whilst at times frustratingly difficult, reassessing tactics and proper preparation will yield startlingly different results. With a complex and intriguing story, variety of gameplay and branching paths, and of course with its successor in mind (go for the trilogy!) The Witcher 2 is an easy recommendation.
Such a wonderful game! Story is well written and executed. Controls and combat are smooth, graphics is still kicking up to this date, great story, amazing dialogues, etc.

Tons of positive things to point out to this game. Only negative I can point out is the animations during dialogues, where the movements might throw you off as you'll get tired of seeing the same animations done by everyone.

Great thing about this game is that, it allows you to continue your save file to Witcher 3. This means that, whatever choices you made on Witcher 2, will be reflected on Witcher 3. If you were to play this game or planning to buy it, I 100% recommend you to get the trilogy in order to get a deeper understanding about the series.

Hats off to CDPR for making such gorgeous games!
This is pretty much the first game I felt compelled to write a review for.

The Witcher 2 was really good. I finished TW1 on GoG, and although the story was good, I felt the combat, and getting around to be pretty convoluted and old fashioned. The Witcher 2 is a lot smaller, but it continues the story of the White Wolf. I assume this game is pretty much setting things up for bigger blocks to get rolling in the next one, which I have just started.

The combat is much better, especially with just 2 attacks and not a bunch of modes and heavy light attacks in those. There could have been more creatures to kill, for as I recall I spent more time hunting down humans than I did beasts, but I suppose that will be rectified in the next game. 

The story is kind of short but never seems to get boring. The quick menu for signs is also much better. All in all I'd recommend Witcher 2 to everyone, especially if you plan on playing Witcher 3, as the next game seems to be built on this one, and you can also import your save file so there is a feeling of carrying over your choices. Although how much of it is actually impactful remains to be seen.
Story is pretty good - Chapter 2 starts a bit slow.
Combat was a bit too janky and frustrating in my opinion.
The choices you had to make were pretty interesting.

Feels more like a set up for Witcher 3.
Still good though.
Neither as memorable as first one, 
nor the masterpiece as third game. 

Love scene with Tris was the best moment in a whole goddamn thing. Where are all the nasty hot witches begging for merciless exorcism?!
I really tried more than once to continue playing this game but I couldn't! 

The first one I recommend although it has a slow starting, but the middle till the end of it is really great and memorable. This the 2nd one is disappointing especially that I have played the first one which was with a great and fantastic story, characters and plot.

This however, is just an artificial extension that has been done with one goal in mind, to succeed commercially. Let me point the most annoying points that made me quit playing this game (and mostly the same would happen with the 3rd one):

- Triss! In the first Witcher, she is a mysterious woman. I really loved her, while in the 2nd one she is just a late night bitch from any bar! This is Triss?! the mysterious sorcerer? The one I chose in the first adventure? Rubbish!!

- A Dragon?! Give me a break! 

- The combat damn it! I mean in the first Witcher, it was passable and it was easier to manage (needs timing mostly), but now?! It is just a burden with useless techniques.

- Unnecessary confusing inventory and skills system. 

- No real motive to uncover the story. It just feels weak!

I feel sorry that I bought the 3rd Witcher as for the few first hours, it seems just like the second. Filled with clever writing but without a soul :(
Cult Classic!  One of the best stories ever.  Unfortunately the game play is lousy.  Crashes, item glitches, save and load glitches, mediocre graphics, long load times.  The animations are so poor they actually cause motion sickness.  Annoying side quest branches that don't give any XP.  Can't recommend unless you're just a hardcore Witcher fan.
Overrated. Combat is either hack and slash or "wait till opponent is open then hit opponent till he isn't open". Acting is great but story is trash. If I wanted to watch a movie I wouldn't be playing a video game. Even then, it would be a trash movie considering how meandering the dialogue is.
