I get into a game,
I'm lvl 1
Everyone else is lvl 100+
They teach me how to play
They protect me
It was the nicest multiplayer experience I've had in years.
Is the A.I. stupid? Yup.

Is it incredibly hard on higher difficulties? Definitely.

Is there a ton of DLC for the notion of milking the game? Far too many to count.

Is the game logical? Not by a stretch.

Are hostages handicapped because they move at a snail's pace when you're directing them? No, they aren't, but it's still annoying.

Does it make sense for the military police to send in armored APC's, snipers, special ops units, and juggernauts (bulldozers) to stop four guys from destroying 50k of furniture in a mall? Lul no.

Do you run out of ammo if you don't risk your life to scavenge for a few extra rounds? Everytime.

Does the game have big bugs? Haha, yeah.

Is it consistently updated with tons of new content? Kind of.

Does the game have a long list of extreme issues that should have been looked at long ago? I'm willing to bet on it.




Is the game fun?





HELL YES IT IS!
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Human
☑? Lizards

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☑ Story?
☑ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☑ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Ah yes, Payday 2. Payday 1 was a great game, Payday 2 is better in every way.
I love having the freedom to rob a bank without putting any actual people in danger. 
I love payday 2 even more because it has VR!!!! 
Thats right:
I robbed a bank in VR,
I burnt down a mall in VR,
I mowed down the white house in VR.

Having this immersion in Virtual Reality is great, I would never do any of this stuff in real life, there is no need. i can get the same experience from Payday 2. 

9.8/10

---{Graphics}---                         
☐ Masterpiece              
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Grand Theft Auto Online

---{Story}---
☐ Doesnt have
☑ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Will make u cry or smile alot

---{Game length}---
☐ Really Short. ( 0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short. ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Medium. ( 8 - 16 hours)
☐ Long. ( 16+ hours)
☑ Endless.
---{Price}---
☐ Just buy it
☑ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a trash can

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{Others}---
Multiplayer: ☑
Singleplayer: ☑

Final Score:
10/10 I give it full score, because I LOVE THIS GAME :P
Good game. Repetitive but good, especially with friends. Sad there will almost certainly not be a Payday 3, with the currently situation of the publisher/developer studio.
A cloaker hell is rising...
A mini dozer has appeard!
A cloaker leader is joining the party!
 
PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas needs medic bag!
Wolf uses shotgun killstreak!
Chains activated ,,Power up,, buff!
Houston placed drill!
Hoxton picked up 1 dollar!

ZEALS TURN

Cloakers knocked Dallas down!
Mini bulldozer used shotgun!
Cloaker leader tried to knock down chains! He was not very succsseful...

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas needs to help up!
Wolf helps Dallas up!
Chains used Machine Gun!
Houston used M4!
Hoxton threw grenade!

ZEALS TURN

Cloakers knocked out Wolf!
Chains eliminated cloakers!
Mini dozer used double tap! Mini dozer knocks out Dallas and Chains!Mini bulldozer was shot by Houston ... but he goes on...
Cloaker leader tries to knock out Hoxton and Houston... Well done! Cloaker leader knocked out Houston

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Wolf needs to help up!
Chains needs to help up!
Houston needs to help up!
Dallas used aced card ... inspire and medic bag! ... Perfect! Dallas helped up Wolf, Chains and Houston
Hoxton places trip mine!

ZEALS TURN

cloakers are out ... Well thats why is here the ... ZEAL TEAM
A mini dozer tries to use shotgun ... but suddenly he sees laser ... BOOM! Hoxton took out mini dozer!
Cloaker leader is not giving up! Cloaker has used the ... *Knock out combo!*. Cloaker leader knocks out Dallas and Wolf!

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas needs to help up! He looks in very bad shape ...
Wolf needs to help up!
Chains used inspire! Amazing! Chains revived Dallas and Wolf!
Houston is fucking insane! Houston used molotov! Payday gang is starting to take control!
Hoxton is ... knocked out! Watch your corners lads! Even Enemy can strike in your turn!

ZEALS TURN

Zeal team has used push! Well bloody hell mate! Zeal team knocked out Dallas, Wolf, Chains, Houston!
Cloaker leader just burned to death!

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas is in police custody!
Wolf needs to help up!
Chains needs to help up!
Houston needs to help up!
Hoxton needs to help up!
Ooooh ... looks like payday gang jus los-- wait a minute! Hoxton has stood up!
Hoxton used inspire! ,,Well fuck me side ways,, said Hoxton. Hoxton has revived Wolf, Chains, Houston!

ZEALS TURN

Zeal team calls in the Captain Winters!
Captain Winters has appeared! ,,They won,t escape this time,, said Captain Winters!

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas is in police custody! Find a hostage to free Dallas!
Wolf ties up hostage!
Chains places down ammo bag! Hoxtons super buff is ready!
Houston places down a trip mine!
Hoxton uses his super buff! Hoxton used ... Swan song for all!

ZEALS TURN

Zeal team walks in the room ... oh noes! Looks like they fell into a trap! Houston took out Zeal team!
Captain Winters calls for resistance! Captain Winters attacked and knocked out Hoxton and Chains!
Look! Chains and Hoxton just counter attacked! Chains and Hoxton took out Captains resistance!

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Dallas is in police custody! Quick ... trade hostage for Dallas to get him out of the police custody!
Chains needs to help up!
Hoxton needs to help up
Wolf traded a hostage! Well done! Dallas is out of police custody!
Houston used inspire! Houston revived Chains and Hoxton!

ZEALS TURN

Captain Winters is falling back!
Look! Car Turret just arrived!
A Dozer has appeared!
A Taser has appeared
A Medic has appeared!
A cloaker has appeared!
A shield has appeared!
Well ... all i can say is just Amen for the Payday gang!

PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Payday gang is making a plan!
Huh ... interesting yet powerful!
Dallas places down 2 mini turrets!
Wolf places down 2 mini turrets!
Chains places down trip mines all over the place!
Houston activated damage resistance!
Hoxton places down a Medic bag!

ZEALS TURN PAYDAY GANGS TURN

Car turret aims at Dallas! Oops ... too slow ... Car turret was eliminated by mini turret owned by Dallas!
Dozer tries to knock out Wolf! Too bad! Payday gang has damage resistance! Dozer was took out by mini turret owned by Wolf!
Taser tased Chains! Not for too long! Taser was eliminated by mini turret owned by Dallas! Dallas has ran out of mini turrets!
Medic acivated damage resistance on cloaker! Medic by accident stepped at trip mine! Medic was eliminated by Chains!
Cloaker activated super buff! Cloaker used ... Smoke bombs! Cloaker tries to knock out Dallas and Chains! He Fails...
Shield tries to knock out Wolf ... Shield stepped on trip mine! It is his own fault that he doesn,t look where he moves!

PAYDAY GANG IS VICTORIOUS

Heh heh ... Looks like payday gang escapes this time!

Oh look ... payday gang found some loot!
-5 Bags of Cash
-2 Bags of Gold
-1 Cloaker Gold
-10 Bags of Jewellery

Someone has leveled up!
-Dallas is now level 70!
-Wolf is now level 67!
-Chains is now level 75!
-Houston is now level 51!
-Hoxton is now level 93!
I like this game very much,but i hate to wait so much because of these god damn drills.
That doesn't matter so much,sooo....this is a great game
That's all folks :)
Got this game when they were giving it out.

First I have to say that I disliked the download, not a problem for decent net; But prepare for hellish slow downloads when you don't have a fast net.

Second, the storyline is locked behind DLC, you cannot proceed if you don't buy the Ultimate Edition. But there are still plenty of missions available in base game, so not a big deal to me. Most characters, weapons and mods are also locked behind DLC, again, unobtainable for non-Ultimate Edition players. But Joy is available in the base game so I don't have a problem with it.

What's good is that they put lots of effort in this game, huge amount of content, revamped skills, moddable weapons. Moddable game. Finally we can use female gangsters, and to customize our masks. The safehouse also added immersion into the game, makes you feel like you are really a member of a gang.

Be warned there are plenty of cheaters in the game, they will use every cheats you can imagine, shooting explosives with every weapons, wallhack, flying in the sky, etc. People also kick and ban for various reasons, such as you don't have a specific build or being too low on rep.

I still recommend getting this game if you liked PayDay: The Heist. Get the Ultimate Edition when it's on sale, it will go really cheap for like 80% off.
Cooperative team robbing bank game.
Recommended by me because its pretty cool game unless you have friends to play with. 
I recommend it to everyone who has 3 more friends that are ready to spend just 10$ for infinite fun!
Not just any bank robbing game! This game has it's story durring missions
There isn't just 1 bank and you rob it for 5 min and you are done, No there are 71 maps with different objectives!
Fun for 18+
Now I had gotten this game run there was an event giving out free copies. I didn’t have to pay for the game, but if I had, I would have not regretted it. This game is amazing if you want to get in and mess around with friends and meet others. With both stealth and loud missions, each mission can play how you want it to. It does have its cons, like how missions can be repetitive and how harder difficulties are nearly impossible without others to aid you, but it is still a fun experience none the less.
 this game is fun, i highly recommend this game, the mechanics is simple 4 characters playing at the same time fulfilling objectives such as stealing money, cocaine, hacking servers for missions that leave profit both in money, they are called Contracts that are proposed by different personalities that give you such works.
It gives you many hours of fun in addition to having an almost inifinite customization of your masks as well as an extensive range of modifications for your weapons which are quite varied and some others are truly garbage.
This is an extremely fun game to play if youre ready to put a few hours aside and are willing to go through slightly long grinding. It can be fun for the first few 100 hours but starts to get a bit boring. If you are coming new to the game, its a bit late as the whole story is out, id advise waiting for the whole game to go free to play as the dlc is worth the amount it costs to have sharon take the kids. 

HOWEVER, there is one point that can undo the fabric of all of my positive reasons on this game : Y O U  N E E D  F R I E N D S  This game really doesnt have the charm if you dont have friends that will put aside the couple quid it costs, its a mainly co-op game, and the only fun thing to do solo is stealth, which is long neglected. 

Overall id say the game is a 7/10 on your own, and a 8.5/10 if you have friends to play with
great game, controls smooth i guess, guns are fucked to the point of satisfaction, and dlc's are spicy.
would give 8/10 but instead ill give it 11/10 cause i have a soft spot for hotline miami.
dont buy just the game, buy the ultimate edition for best experience.
I was playing this game ALOT back in august of 2015. I played about 50 hours of this game until the game got extrmely boring. Literally, all this game is about is just repeating heists after heists. I know you get a lot of rewards from doing these heists, but just doing the same thing over and over is just kinda boring. especially when heists isn't my most fun thing to do in games. But the fact I did have some good fun when playing the game, I think it's only right to give an average score. 

5.2/10 - decent game, but gets very boring.
As someone who has been a fan of the franchise since Payday 1 and has been playing Payday 2 for its entire lifespan it feels surreal to write a review/goodbye letter today. Is Payday 2 the best game? Absolutely not, but despite all the jank and the engine being garbage there was something in there that made me come back year after year until they finally finished the story around December last year. The biggest strength of Payday 2 if you ask me was the music, the gunplay and the heisters screaming their heads off every second plus the skill and gun customization that can drastically change how you play the game from heist to heist. The biggest weakness for this game was most definitely the Diesel Engine and how janky stealth is until you spend a decent chunk of time getting used to it and the team not having enough man power to properly balance the game, and Bo most likely telling them to work on new content on their crunch time all day every day. In the end it feels sad to say goodbye to this game despite all the jank and major issues it has, it still gave me fond memories and friends I still talk with. I can only hope whoever gets this IP knows what they are doing and have a decent understanding of what made Payday work. If you made it to the end I apologise for the huge wall of text since it's my first serious thing that I've wrote in a long time and I wanted to write this before I uninstall the game. So goodbye Payday and thanks for the many fond times it gave me.
Great game 4/5 stars, Its very addicting and there are only a few minor bugs, there are a fair amount of cheaters  on this game but they usually help you instead of making your life a living hell
This is one of my favorite games of all time. Lots of fun playing this game but the console users miss out on ALOT trust me, I was one of them. Sucks that this game was left for Overkill's Walking dead that has failed
Update: It appears that Starbreeze has purchased all the rights to their game and they are doing away with paid drills. This is a step in the right direction, but in my opinion there are still a lot of wrongs that need to be righted before I can recommend the game.

Original Review:

My friend, Doctor Insano, said it better than I could...

So here's the thing. I have 2,000 hours in this game. I have a Youtube channel of me doing Death Wish heists solo without bots. I did the Tabula Rasa challenge solo without bots, unmodded weapons, before Grinder. You could say I loved this game at one point.

That time is gone. Overkill has repeatedly broken promises. They directly said before release "We will not ever have microtransactions." And yesterday, October 15, 2015, they added Microtransactions. This game is not Free to Play with microtransactions. This game is not cheap with microtransactions. This game has a reasonably priced base game with $100 of DLC. In order to purchase this game with all DLC, you must pay $130 outside of a sale. On top of this $130 price tag are microtransactions. Just...think about that. The price of this game alone is more than the price of two AAA games. Overkill then has the audacity to TRIPLE DIP on this by adding microtransactions.

Last year, there were a series of "what's next" audio files hinting at something. After a *month* of daily audio files being released, it culminated in an advertisement for another game that isn't released until 2016 and an in-game baseball bat.

Last year, we had "Crimefest," where the top reward Overkill was to release was a mystery. This mystery ended up being John Wick. A movie tie-in they were going to make and release anyway.

Last year, some of the rewards for Crimefest were "FBI Files" (in-game stats), and a new enemy. These weren't released until this year. The FBI files ended up being a re-implementation of a community web page, and the new enemy ended up just being a bunch of shields standing in a circle.

This year, Overkill did a "Hype Train" event. By pre-ordering DLC, we would get "hype-fuel" points. With enough "hype-fuel," rewards for the community would be unlocked. In order to boost sales, Overkill finally delivered on a promise of finishing their new prestige levels (called Infamy). The first five infamy levels provided very small gameplay benefits along with awesome in-game masks. The next 20 levels released in Infamy 2.0 provided new masks and experience point bonuses (so you can infamy....faster?). I call this "Mask Pack 2.0." It took Overkill 14 months to release this. In response, people started refunding their DLC pre-orders. In response to THAT, Overkill released the DLC early so no one could get refunds. The latest Hype-train reward has yet to be released. In response to this, I completely stopped buying DLC. I have no DLC at all that has been released since Mask Pack 2.0.

And most recently, Overkill added microtransactions after explicitly saying that they will NEVER do that along with intentionally breaking extremely well made community mods. Overkill does not deserve your money. They do not deserve any money. They have repeatedly broken their promises to the community. They have insulted the community. They have done absolutely nothing but show how far a company can fall.

Overkill, shame on you. I truly do not believe there are words that can describe my level of disappointment with you. Am I angry? You bet your ♥♥♥ I am. But more than that, I'm just so disappointed. You've truly shown that you are nothing but liars and cheats. I truly hope your company goes out of business.
Well what can i say. I got 1200h+ Hours played. Yes i bought the completely Overkill Pack the DLC's and supported the game. But after microtransactions and more and more DLC's i had to give it a bad review. They were promising free content and instead we got paid DLC's and microtransactions. So Overkill will most likly go on with this trend of money making.

Don't get me wrong its one of my favorite games. But if you are new do not buy it unless you are willing to spend more money on DLC's that will come out over time. Because even with a -75% sale on everything the game with everything costs ~33€. And after some time you maybe dont want to wait for a sale to get the newest DLC.

So what i want to tell you is that you will invest more money into the game. The content is good overall but you will have to pay more than you think. 

Also playing with "publics" (people you don't know) can be pretty annoying. It's ok for a while but sometimes you just want a break from them. 

So if you want to play it be ready to spend some money on DLC and maybe microtransactions (for Weapon Skins which are cosmetic) and get yourself into a group to play Payday with.
Bugs, glitches, crashes, abysmal update system, rampant cheaters, abusive community moderators, developers lying about microtransactions, ridiculous DLCs - this game has it all. I sure had fun times playing PAYDAY 2, but negativity outweigh positivity by a large margin.
The core gameplay and music are quite good I'll admit that. However I promise that there will be a moment when there's nothing left in this game but annoyance.
The graphics were simplistic to begin with but now it's laughable. The gore is non-existent and the way rag-dolls work makes kills unsatisfactory. The game is a time sink and a cash grab. Do you want that nice flashlight attachment? How about you waste a couple hundred hours grinding only to get a pile of masks and stupid patterns? And next thing you know, you're buying badly painted but expensive skins with pre-installed attachments. The difficulty is very inconsistent. You can spend half an hour playing normal when all of a sudden a dozen of special enemies charge and immobilize your whole crew. But it's more likely that you won't play the game that long 'cause it will crash.
The way developers update the game and the frequency of those updates is nonsensical. Each update makes even top PC struggle, making it straight unusable for an hour or more which forced me to delete the game and redownload the whole thing every time update occurs. And with 100+ major updates and hundreds of "hotfixes" (and most updates turn the game into bug infested mess) it became the most annoying thing I've experienced in videogames. Also they constantly change the stats and perks forcing you to waste hours adjusting your build for no good reason. 
The company is run by greedy bullies who attack paying customers if they feel that certain achievement was unlocked too quick. They want you to grind same boring heists all day long for months until you buy all $140+ DLCs and boosted skins to win and even then they'll find the way to screw you over. Joined a lobby with a DW heist that is about to end? Too bad, you're a cheater now.
Shame on you, Overkill.
This games is not bad, but overkill extremy killed it with all the dlcs and now pay-2-win microtransactions, you need to support the player and give negative feedback for it, they dont deserve a positive review no mather what.
The public play is a toxic and unpleasant to play with People you dont know as kicking without reason is very Common especialy if you are in the first 100 lvls.
Its a Great coop game if you have up to 3 friends that play with you its a real blast but just to buy it to play public is really not an option.
The new Skilltrees are more clear and they took out many of Filler skills that wer completely useless and most skills got combined or mixed in some way.
You have a great choice of mods that make the game more clear to play(didnt play a long time dont know what mods are Fresh and aktiv in Development).

Verdict:
I would say if you have atleast 2 friends that would play with you go for it otherwise get another game playing public with the broadside of this community is pointless. My review is going to stay negativ even if its not a bad game got some worse in my library.
Another game that goes sour because of a cashgrab from the publishers/developers.

UPDATE: Overkill has slightly backpeddled on the microtransactions by making them a rare drop and reducing the price, but this is still unnacceptable when the initial promise was no microtransactions ever. Their reputation has been tarnished and I am still going to be wary of spending any more money on this company.
A good way to ruin a playerbase is to add microtransactions, PAYDAY 2 did it flawlessly here.

Paying for weapon skins is already bad, but tying weapon stats into a [b]PAID[/b] RNG drop?

Give me a fucking break.


EDIT: The moderators of the forums also went full SJW.

http://steamcommunity.com/app/218620/discussions/8/490123197943804165/

EDIT #2: Paying $20 for a shitty skin in one of their forced DLCs? Being able to pay for [b]stackable[/b] XP and money buffs for the team?

Disgusting.
I am 30 year old player. I work hard to buy my games.
I bought every DLC for payday2. Now i think money is wasted.

I don't want CSGO clone. I don't want this. I did not buy this game for this...
Converted to pay to win after the crimefest 2015 event.

Moreover, they did promise not to add this kind of payments back in 2013: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/

Edit 13/11/2015
Today they added even more p2w elements in the form of stackable teamwide xp and cash bonuses.
Moreover they released the last part of the COP (Completely Overkill Pack, was only on sale under the Hype Train event for 20€ / 20$) but the long awaited content ended being a crate and a drill, where you get a random skin out of 25 with a random wear and random "boosts".
A money-obsessed pale imitation of the first game.

Payday 1 was essentially "Left 4 Dead, except bank robbers." It's a simple formula that worked really well. The long, objective-rich campaigns had enough variety between them that the game never felt stale. Gunplay was satisfying, enemies were challenging, and the DLC added a new class to screw around with. A few maps and secrets got updated as free updates.

Payday 2 is nothing like the first game.

The sequel is essentially a disgrace to the first game. In lieu of lengthy, interesting campaigns, each assignment has been broken up into a bunch of smaller maps with straightforward objectives. Prepare to see the same areas, again and again. Stealth has been overemphasized across the board--killing yourself to restart is a common occurrence. The difficulty just isn't there compared to the first game, either. The matchmaking is also random gen and a complete mess--gone are the easy lobbies of the first game.

It gets worse! The unlock system is heavily dependent on RNG. Customization is RNG. Everything in this game is RNG except leveling.

The game has had DLC after DLC heaped on it. During a sale, it becomes a reasonable price.. when it's off sale expect to pay $50+ just to unlock a decent amount of content.

The game has blatant product placement. John Wick is shoved in your face as a free character. Why this doesn't get more negative feedback, I'll never know.

The new DLC came free of charge.. with a caveat. Now you can enjoy CS:GO and Team Fortress 2 crates, and pay $2.50 to unlock them. As if the game couldn't become more money-grubbing and obsessed with profit. Did I mention the crates are factored into the RNG loot, meaning if you have no intent to pay to unlock them, you can still lose out by getting them when you don't want them?

Game use to have a modding community, too. Overkill has deliberately broken mods with their latest patch. Maybe they'll fix this, I don't know.

Am I against all DLC? Not at all. Plenty of games make great use of DLC. But herein lies my point. This is not a free-to-play game. This isn't a game in which the DLC is cosmetic. You have to pay for the game. Then the DLC, which encompasses characters, weapons, and campaigns, is also paid for. The game has product placement blatantly inserted into it. It then on top of that wants to insert microtranscations. This game has done everything it can to insert pay wall after pay wall. 

For what should be a simple, Left 4 Dead style cooperative game, the amount of grind and pay-for-content in tis game is absolutely absurd.

All in all a disaster, right from the start. It just took some people longer to see that.
2015.10.19 Edit:
It was good, but not anymore.  OVK lie about microtransactions never come to Payday 2.  Skins are good but bonus stats which will break the balance is totally bull shit.

Developers who lie to players are not worth trust and support.  Payday 2 was a legend and we will remember the good old days.

TL;DR: Not worth buying anymore.


2015.10.19 編輯:
這曾經是神作，但再也不是了。OVK欺騙玩家，曾經說Payday 2絕對不會有遊戲內交易系統，現在直接食言。武器造型是個不錯的概念，但造型會影響武器性能實在是爛透了。

會欺騙玩家的開發商不值得玩家信任和支持，Payday 2曾經是個傳奇，而我們會永遠記得那些曾經美好的日子。

懶人包: 這款現在不值得買了。


[spoiler]Awesome co-op masterpiece.  Various robbing event and skills for different situations.  From plan phase to escape, get your payday with your teammate!  Much like L4D2 gameplay, coop with your friends to achieve goal!

超棒的合作遊戲，多樣搶劫模式和多種技能，從犯罪計畫一直到拖逃，一起和你的夥伴奪取你們的劫薪日！和L4D2很像的感覺，和好友一同合作通關！[/spoiler]
So this is my review after 1856 hours of Payday 2; been a fan of the franchise since PDTH.
Please keep in mind that i'm german and english is not my native language.

We've been let down and were lied to quite a lot by Overkill Software for the past few years, since the release of Payday 2.

Some of the bugs which have existed since release and the absolutely horrible netcode with all the desync have never been looked into despite the fact that they were mentioned and complained about quite a lot within the community forums. 
Yes, i'm aware of the fact that desync is basically the way the engine handles lag but it's not normal to lag behind for 10 seconds or so while in any regular game you're probably having a ping of 300-400 ms connecting to anyone across the world. Not to mention the issues it will get you into. Things like getting tazed by Tazers which you can't even see on your screen or cloakers running and pouncing through walls / being stuck in the same spot for a while instead of actually moving and chasing the player actively when they are meant to.

Another example would be the Hotline Miami heist which causes framedrops for quite a few players. Almir briefly mentioned that they were going to look into it but nothing ever happened.

Guess what? Same thing with the Infamy 2.0 update which was promised to be more than just cosmetics. It contains nothing but masks and EXP boosts which makes it look like it was rushed after the community complained a lot about the non existent release of Infamy 2.0 on the forums. Almir said they were going to look into it "once the dust settled" and we haven't heard anything about it ever since.

The release of DLCs just kept getting worse. We're getting new bugs with every DLC which are partially claimed to be features instead of fixing them like the Molotovs which used to take down the armor of Swat Turrets instantly if you were the host of the game and only then. It has been (ab)used for cross promotion (e.g. John Wick, Hotline Miami, Speedrunners, Humble Bundle, Chivalry Medieval Warfare etc.), becoming more expensive and frequent while having less content which also got worse in terms of quality and balancing with each DLC . 
The optimization of the latest DLC map releases have been an issue as well causing many players to have stutters and framedrops even with relatively high end rigs like mine.
We also had a DLC called "The completely Overkill pack" which was a time limited offer and thought of as a donation: it included 4 masks as well as a secret ingame item which has yet to be released.
The Game of the Year edition contains 16 of 27 paid DLCs for Payday 2 right now. Do not get fooled by the fact that they added free DLC releases to the cart.

They used the Payday 2 forums to tease us for 35 days straight with content which does not even belong to the game itself, as it was revealed afterwards. All of the content is tied to another game which was not going to be released for at least another 2 years (Overkills The Walking Dead).

There was a Hype Train event which basically forced us to buy DLCs for fuel to complete all of the goals which turned out to be just another cross promotion. One of the goals was a tournament which was supposed to have a price of $250000. It is still unknown what the tournament is or was, who participated and who actually won these $250000.

Safehouse customization -a feature which has been promised to be included for the release of the game- still hasn't made it into the game 2 years after the release of Payday 2.

For the first Crimefest we were promised a new enemy and FBI Files which took them an entire year to develope. They were released shortly before the second Crimefest was announced. The new enemy is underwhelming even though he comes with interesting and unique mechanics. The FBI Files are basically the same thing that PD2Stats used to be; the website of PD2Stats was shut down thanks to that. I'd like you to take a look at the [url=http://www.pd2stats.com]PD2Stats[/url] site to read the story about all of this yourself now.

The latest addition of Overkill Software at day 1 of the second Crimefest -which is celebrating the fourth birthday of the Payday franchise- are microtransactions. Almir himself as well as David Goldfarb said that there would NEVER be any microtransactions in Payday 2 in the past.
Proof:
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/app/24240/discussions/0/810924774517838925/#c810925398555174856]Proof #1[/url]
[url=http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521]Proof #2[/url]
[url=http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303]Proof #3[/url]
The community has been working hard for 16 days to finish challenges and unlock content which was promised to be free for everyone during the Crimefest itself.
They basically added the exact same system that can be found in Counter-Strike:Global Offensive from the colour of the quality of the weapons to the weapon inspection animation itself. Some of these skins will even change the stats of the weapons. Apparently they are coming together with a pre defined set of weapon mods which can not be changed or replaced.
The Safe drops will replace your regular card drops which are supposed to get you weapon mods, masks, materials, colours and patterns. These Safes might even contain skins for DLC weapons you do NOT own.
A single drill costs 2,49€ right now which is about half of the cash you would spend on most DLCs if they are not on sale (4,99€) and twice as much as they cost right now with a discount of 75% (1,24€).
All of this led most of the veteran players to quit playing or even delete the entire game, as well as forum Mods censoring / deleting entire threads which were written and discussed in a civilized manner just as the mods asked for.
They even openly admit that they're actively censoring the forums. 
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/app/218620/discussions/8/490123197943804165]Proof[/url]

Personally I don't feel like a game which costs about 20€ and comes with additional DLC worth about 110€ should be using any microtransaction system at all; the DLCs are more than enough as it is. Yes i've bought almost all of the DLCs for the full price including the Completely Overkill Pack except for the last 2 or so.

They disabled the LUA hook which is required to run certain mods at day 1 of the second Crimefest too. Whether or not it's related to some mods crashing the game once it gets updated or the fact that some mods are skins / give us an ability to "create" skins like GoonMod is up to you and your conspiracy theories. 
My very own mod_override skins for the Black and Skull Dozer are still working however.
Overkill stated this game would never have microtransactions

http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521

But then they changed thire tune and release it as a day 1 award for crimefest

Overkill has recently added microtransactions to the game, with paid skins that provide stat bonuses. As long as the game contains paid skins that provide stat bonuses, this negative review will stay.

Shame on Overkill for lying.
Step 1: Introduce waypoint bonuses in a game community. Invite your friends.

Step 2: Introduce microtransactions via very minor DLCs and keys for your crate drops.

Step 3: Reap the whirlwind.
Well...they finally did it. I used to LOVE this game, i really did...but their DLC politic just went WAY too far.
So OverEA...bye and i hope we'll meet never again.
Fuckers.
Wow what a shame this game is a pay to win turdfest.  The original game was pretty good.  This thing derailed and went to douche town though.  Just play the first one and you'll be happy.
After almost 1600 hours, buying every DLC up to Alesso full price, on release, I can now say, I no longer support or even like Overkill. The addition of microtransactions is not only a complete contradiction to statements they made earlier, but also an idiotic decision. This game has over 120$ of DLCs, and now you're going to add 2.50$ microtransactions on top of that?

No thanks.

The game is great. The company is far from it
I can't help but feel betrayed by this game. After spending many hours, and putting in plenty of money for DLC's, to be rewarded by having to pay more money is beyond ridiculous! 

A week ago the whole PD2 community came together to show these dev's that we appreciated what they did for us, despite the already extortionately priced and unnecessary amount of DLC (around 25, lost count). Then our reward for our efforts and loyalty was another way for them to squeeze money from us. I'm sorry, but this is just not right. All this aside from the written word from said devs stating that microtransactions would NEVER be introduced into the game. 

So, with lies about in game content and more lies about DLC which has been purchased and never released (the Completely Overkill Pack, FYI) it's hard to trust Overkill anymore. I for one will not spend another penny on this game. It's a shame, as the game is pretty good. It's just not "pay to win" good.
This game was fun prior to the October 15th, 2015 addition of random drop-based microtransactions.  Remember keys and crates from TF2 and CS:GO?  The same approach is being used here, but in adding this system, Overkill harshly nerfed all existing weapons - including those which players paid for as part of DLC packages.

In order to give players an incentive to pay for skins via microtransactions, existing equipment has been made insufficient to achieve the challenges that already existed in the game prior to the launch of this system.  We aren't being urged to buy microtransactions in order to take on more difficult challenges added alongside these new skins - we're being robbed of our existing tools, tools we earned through hours of gameplay or purchased for real money, and then sold a -chance- of regaining the same level of power we enjoyed previously.

There were plenty of good ways to add a skin system to a game like Payday 2.  Overkill found a truly terrible way and implemented it.  I can't recommend supporting this game or this company.
UPDATE: After they milked it to death, they rolled back the changes detailed below by making safes free to unlock. I'm leaving this review in place so you know what kind of company you're dealing with in Overkill.

ORIGINAL REVIEW: I played this game for a very long time. I was willing to put up with the terrible desynch and the gradual powercreep because it was fun, and as a cooperative game, it wasn't a huge problem.

However, recently they added CS:GO-style "weapon crates" that you get randomly for completing heists. Opening them requires you spend real money. Inside, you get weapon skins, which give stat bonuses to your weapons.

They added this feature as the first "free" reward the community got for completing a bunch of milestones during the run-up to the yearly Crimefest. Literally, "Well done on the challenges, your free reward is an opportunity to give us more money and make the game pay-to-win."

Basically, fuck Overkill. I used to think they were just incompetent at managing their messaging toward their community. Now it's clear that they literally don't give a fuck beyond hoovering money up.
Oh well... Look at my hours played. Now look at my vote for this game.

Wanna know why?

Crimefest II
Day 1
Microtransactions

Says it all.

UPDATE:

As of 13th of November 2015
More Bullshit was added:

"You don't like stat boosts on skins?! Here have some skins with team-boosts!!"
"Thx for supporting us with buying a 20$ DLC.. Here have a random skin, that may look like shit and that may have a stat-boost that no one wanted or asked for!"
Payday 2 is a fantasticly fun game, which gets even more enjoyable with friends. The gunplay is nice, the skills give tons of different playstyles, the heists are enjoyable, and the music is amazing. I would completely recommend this game to anyone if it was made by a different developer. Sadly, it's made by Overkill.

See, Overkill is known for keeping in touch with their community. And that's not a bad thing; it's great, actually. If they actually fucking listened to their community, that is, instead of just pretending to give a shit about the people that play it. Overkill loves money, never forget it. They release tons of DLC, did a whole "completely free event" back in the Spring where you had to buy DLC to unlock more rewards, and now did another "completely free event" where on the first day microtransactions are added that give stat boosts.

Now, whether or not you consider this Pay 2 Win or not is your opinion, as it is a coop game. But it's still fucking slimy to promise your community a completely free event, have them work hard to get all the rewards, then day fucking one release a macrotransaction system which gives stat boosts.

This is a great game. It was made by a shitty developer. If you want to still spend your money on it, go ahead, but be ready to feel like shit when Overkill once again manages to fuck over their community for that cash.
Payday 2 would be a much better game if its developers respected its audience. The game makes constant demands on its players for more money in the form of DLC which brings a noticeable power creep in, despite the fact that the game had made its money back in just pre-orders.

It is a four-player co-op shooter that pits a team of four players against a swarm of AI-controlled police. If you're familiar with Left 4 Dead's model of swarms of weak enemies with a scattering of stronger enemies with special abilities, that's the model Payday 2 went with. As you level your character up though, you get new abilities, and you acquire new weapons to fight with.

Mask customization is probably the highlight of the game, with there being an enormous collection of masks, materials for them to be "made" out of, patterns to put on them, and colors for those patterns to be. You can make some really fun stuff, play a lot, and never see anyone wearing not just the same mask you're wearing but any mask in your collection.

That said, while anyone who finds fun in doing the same reasonable enjoyable missions over and over again will find some fun here, I cannot recommend the game.

First off, for gameplay reasons: in Overkill, probably the most popular difficulty because lower difficulties are insultingly easy and the higher difficulty is really quite hard without good teamwork, the most common grunt enemy can only be hurt with headshots. If you're the kind of player who likes to optimize his gear, and the game gives you the tools to do that, there are only a few break points for damage against this enemy. What you'll end up doing is designing a weapon that can kill this enemy in two headshots while still being as accurate and stable in rapid-fire as possible (unless you go with a marksman rifle or a shotgun, in which case killing with a single headshot is easily attainable).

This means that despite there being dozens of weapons in each category, you can easily narrow each category down to one or two "best" guns, and the others are only there if you're comfortable with using a weapon you know is weaker than what you can be using.

Then, of course, there are the business practices of Overkill. The game was profitable based on pre-orders alone, and while free content and map packs are added, so is a lot of cheap cash-in DLC that often includes pay-to-win mechanics: at first you needed DLC to have grenades, now you need DLC to have the powerful molotov cocktails, and a separate DLC for the useful ninja stars. Do you want the best gun possible? Then you need to buy the mod pack DLC.

Even content that was supposed to be free and given as a reward to the fans has seen money coming in for the game: John Wick was added to the game as a playable heister, supposedly as an announced reward for getting enough members into the community group but actually because he was being used as a paid advertisement for the movie he was in. Another heist features and is named after a real life musical performer.

Most recently as a "reward" for completing challenges ahead of Crimefest, Payday 2 was given a crate/key system just like in CS:GO, where as a "thanks" to the community now a portion of your post-heist loot drops will only be usable if you spend real money on a "drill" to open it, where it will then give you a random weapon skin that, just like with the DLC, makes your weapon stronger.

Is there fun to be had? Sure. But there are other games out there that are just as fun, but have developers who think of their players as more than just wallets. Go play one of them instead.
Used to be a great game, fun & challenging... not anymore. DLCs are BS / abominations / whatever you would call 'em.
Ancient swords, javelins, surikens, bows, pocket miniguns & RPG's are really important staff for bank roberies.... Nukes, vacuum bombs, private armys, SWAT trucks with minigun inplacements... its all wrong, not that kind of PD:tH & not even close. Can't recommend it anymore, sorry. no more luv.
Well, I see Overkill f*%ked everyone over, yet again.  I don't play this game anymore, I haven't for around 3-4+ months now (From when this review was made), and I don't plan on coming back to it again, especially at the rate that it's going.

Can I just point out before I state the obvious that this p*ss poor compnay, has screwed everyone over multiple times and apparently me and a very few ammount of people, are actually tired of their s*%t?

They promised things like safe house customization, a new enemy, and a few other things here and there.  Any of that happen in the past 2 years? No.  Have they STATED anything about any of those? Nope.

Not to mention the APPAULING DLC that they keep putting out and saying it's "New content" when all they put out is weapons and anything that is a actual level is boring as heII.  It's basically saying "We're too lazy to make anything new so have more weapons."

Now then, onto the MAIN issue that they just put out, but lets start by going over why OTHER games do this (TF2, CSGO.) and do it the right way, Overkill completely misses it.

Talk about a copy paste job, it's just basically this for those of you wanting to know the jist http://i.imgur.com/6tXBcEf.gifv Oh, should I add that they litterally did the same thing with a CSGO map? Yeah, lazyness to a whole new level. Want something better that fits them to a T? This https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bdYRBDMJpI

"The Steam page for PAYDAY 2 has been updated based on your feedback. WE'VE MADE IT CLEAR THAT PAYDAY 2 WILL HAVE NO MICRO-TRANSACTIONS WHATSOEVER" Please tell me you f*%sticks over at Overkill are joking with this? Talk about hypocrits.

1) The way CSGO and TF2 do it = These games do it right, you are not required to buy any skins at all, they prove no stat boost, no promises on getting more kills, ammo, anything, it's purely cosmetic, you aren't even forced to get any at all, and they don't shove it in your face.  The way Overkill does it, you can only get a 'safe' from a card drop, and the only way to open that safe is if you pay money for a drill, and you're set on a RNG based kind of system.  "Oh that's just like CSGO though!" Not really, in CSGO you can get drops for FFFFFF*%KING FREEEEEEE, and they don't change anything, just make it look better, unless it's a StatTrak I suppose.  Plus any skin you get you can sell for Steam Currency to buy better skins, or save them up and trade them all in for a random skin that is one rank higher than the colors you gave the Trade.  "Oh you don't want the crate?" CSGO would say, "Well just go sell it on the market and get something that you'd like instead!" Payday = "Oh you don't want the safe? Don't have any money for the drill? Tough s*%t, bltch."

2) The skins in Payday 2 ruin the stats = They've made it to where skins give weapons boosts, my question is, why? That kind of ruins the entire point of all of that stats, you may as well just get a certain gun that kills people the most out of all the guns you've ever used in the game, get a particular skin, and that's it, why bother using anything else? I think they should scrap this entirely, make the skins be drops, or better yet, why not just GET RID OF THEM, and oh, I don't know, MAKE SOME ACTUALY LEVELS?! INSTEAD OF CASH GRABBING FROM YOUR FANS?!

3) *off topic kind of* All of the Moderators are now SJW = Apparently since practically THE WHOLE S%DDING COMMUNITY HATES THIS, the moderators have now flat out gotten rid of everyones posts that seemed negative in any way, instead of, oh, I don't know, TAKING IT AS F*#KING CRITICISM?! That's reaching a whole new low people, don't get rid of it, LEARN FROM IT.  I'm actually WITH the community on this, they hate it, I hate it and I don't even PLAY THE DAMN GAME ANYMORE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, and I'm with the community on this.

Ending = Why people actually defend this game anymore is seriously beyond me, I haven't touched it in months, will I come back to it?  F*%k if I know, at the rate they're going probably not, especially since it gets incredibly boring after a while, I might come back here and there, but not like I used to.  It's ridden with bugs, pointless DLC padding, and now this boIIocks, stay far away, maybe if they get their head out of their a$$ and bring out more free stuff instead of this garbage then maybe you should get it, but untill then, me, and even my friends that play it, advise you to stay away from this garbage.

Fight for your games and how they should be made, why is this such a bad thing?  Quit letting developers run you, instead MAKE THEM do the game correctly, don't make people like Overkill turn into EA, push them back, demand MORE from them, not less, this is the reason this s*%t happens, fight against it!  Make this turn out like Deus Ex Mankind Divided, make them regret this stupid decision that they did, make them admit that they f*%ked this up.  Even though I don't enjoy the game anymore at all, I at least want the people that DO to have some respect from Overkill. Here Overkill, this is for you http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/635/465/29b.gif

Edit: Their final day, and guess what they added, a jump animation.  Really? That's, it? It's not even client sided it's based off of other players, there is litterally, no difference.  That's your guys' BIG ending to this? A jumping animation? That does absolutely nothing? You people are a f**king disgrace.  So, I found this http://i.imgur.com/XtYVomn.png Let that just sink in a bit to show what little tw@'s they truly are.
[i]Although my review shows not recommended, I do recommend this game, specially if you have friends to play with, it's way more enjoyable. I got a bit salty after some of Overkill's actions and they have redeemed themselves for the most part, they still updated the game during 2018 with free heists and returning heists from PDTH.[/i]


[h1]Updated: November 23rd, 2016[/h1]

They introduced some changes, like two new difficulties, and other free content to the community. Looks like after the turmoil last year they are back on track trying to improve the game. The new difficulties seem rushed, there aren't a lot of viable builds. Questionable DLC business model is still up. Actually it's more challenging and fun to play with the vanilla and free community weapons. The problem with DLCs are the paid heists, you need them if you want to host those heists, but you can still join lobbies if you don't own these. The problem will be finding those lobbies.



[h1]Updated: June 6th, 2016[/h1]

Some things have changed, and others did not. OVERKILL removed the paid safes/drills from drop rotation, although you can still open them if you buy a drill, so they kept the microtransactions. They are changing it in the near future though, so new safes will drop and users will be free to open them, or sell them on Steam Market. I have no problem with that, as long as it keeps accessible for everyone without a pay wall.

They also changed/updated the game with some free content since my last review update, and few other paid DLCs.

It seems they are launching less DLC but the paid DLC model has not changed though, they still keep releasing themed DLC split in two packs, like the Biker Heist and Biker Character Pack, those could easily be a single pack. At least they will keep supporting the game until 2017, which is definitely a good thing. Users decide if they want to buy DLC or not, but lets hope the quality is good. Buy it on sale, on the cheap :)





[h1]Update: After Black Market Update 79 / October 15th, 2015[/h1]

OVERKILL introduced new microtransactions with random safe card drops and drills and weapon skins, equivalent to CS:GO weapon cases and keys and skins with steam market support, also similar to a model of free-to-play games. The difference is that PD2 is a paid game and those skins actually boost some stats.

Adding microtransactions was something they said they never would do.
Developer can't keep their word:
[i]...We've made it clear that PAYDAY 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!) and... [/i]
> http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521

They launched a "weapon rebalance" patch with the excuse to increase diversity and versatily of other weapons. The thing is, with some stats being nerfed and stats boost added to skins, seems like a clear move from them to incite people buying those skins.

Pistols making more damage than heavy shotguns and assault rifles. What is this nonsense? To bring some shotguns back to their level before the "rebalance patch" you have to use special ammo, that is a feature of Gage Shotgun Pack, a DLC that wasn't required now is.

In the process of updating their game, popular mods were killed because OVERKILL made changes on how the game worked with LUA modification scripts. OVERKILL claims that breaking mods was not intentional. [strike]But how can you trust someone's word if they went back on it already? Call it conspiracy theory but maybe they just wanted to protect their new investment (microtransactions) to prevent malicious scripts from tampering with the game and finding a way to get easy safe card drops. Now it's gonna take a lot of unpaid effort from modders to get things working again, or maybe those mods will be just dead.[/strike]

Mods are in the process of being fixed. Several of them are working again. Unfortunately some good modders got disgusted by recent OVERKILL choices and abandoned their mods :(


[h1]Old/first review[/h1]

Very good game to play Co-Op with friends. Even playing with random people can be fun. Playing solo is usually not fun (I think solo play is suitable for stealth), but it's not the idea of the game. Some heists you can go loud or stealth, which renders a unique course as the heist takes place, or you can even do some of the heist in stealth and the rest loud. Could have more missions although they have some variation from time to time, It's a good thing that the developer is always launching new patches with improvements and bug fixes.

Since the Death Wish patch, despite adding a new difficulty and some particular changes to the heists some aspects of the game were changed. Some of those changes modified the way certain skills worked and how they were implemented, and the most dramatic change was to the Stealth mechanics. I think those changes balanced the game better, in some ways it made the game more challenging, The new stealth mechanics requires more situational awareness and avoiding detection, it's not "bad", it works well for some heists but it makes luck to play a bigger part in other heists. I enjoy both Stealth and the Full assault gameplay but I enjoyed the "old stealth" because it was more simple and less time consuming, waiting and luck played lesser parts.

Since my initial review there was a good amount of new heists added, some in free updates, most in paid updates (DLC). Despite heist DLCs most DLC packs are for weapons, masks, materials and characters. Missing some optional content isn't game breaking, but the DLC are too many and there are small things that could certainly be already in the game like a sniper rifle, light machine gun, grenades, more good weapon mods: all this was included behind a paywall (DLC), which is not nice. Also some DLC make the game somewhat easier, which feels that it's a bit of a "pay to make it easier" DLC.

After so many hours playing I still enjoy playing with friends, so I still enjoy the game, although it's a bit tiresome to play the same heists over and over, so I tend to play only the Death Wish difficulty which still puts some challenge. The Infamy system is useful until Level 5 because it discounts the number of points you have to spend to unlock higher skills in the skills tree, so you can make better builds spending less points. Beyond that it's just more grinding for a few masks, materials and patterns.

I don't like the random card/loot system that awards you items or masks, even useless money or little EXP boosts, I think it should be reworked. The rewards should be more balanced so everyone feels rewarded playing every single heist.

[h1]Pros:[/h1]
+ Great Co-Op fun with friends!
+ There is some variety of heists, but it becomes tiresome after many hours playing over and over the same maps
+ Stealth or Full assault option on most situations
+ The developer is present and tries to update the game with good frequency
+ The new stealth adds a new challenge and situational awareness
+ Good range of skills. You can specialize or make good builds depending on your role in the heists
+ Many weapons are available and can be modified, although some are DLC exclusive, but I have to say that most weapons I use are those included in the game and community updates.

[h1]Cons:[/h1]
- "New stealth" is more waiting game in certain situations than really a matter of being skilled.
- The Infamy system is too much grinding for little reward
- The rewards (loot system) should be rebalanced and reward the player more with more rare items
- DLCs are too many, some things could be already in the full game or included for everybody. At this point all the DLC together cost way more more than the original game.
- Some weapon and character perk deck DLC make the game easier in certain ways, which unbalanced compared to the original free loadout of the game.
I tried, Overkill, I really did. You didn't fix known bugs because you were too busy adding new DLC, and new enemies that were unfair WITHOUT DLC, and I tried to ignore it. I loved this game, I really did, and I played it to virtually no end, even at one point abandoning Team Fortress 2 for it. "Weapon packs" that contribute nothing just kept pouring in and in and in, with nothing useful to add, just one gimmick weapon to grab people's attention in the hopes that they'd buy the "Wacky" item, and I tried to ignore it. I got over the fact you never bothered programming Cloakers properly, and that they're happy to kick you from the ground floor on Rats whilst you're on the roof if they can't think of a way to path to you. Desync was never so much as acknowledged after an initial "Patch" that vaguely improved it whilst drop-in joining, even though a community mod (PocoHUD) addresses the issue perfectly well, and I got over it. Refusal to add limb hitboxes because they'd be "Too much unnecessary work" when one man took one afternoon off and implemented them himself was pushing it, but I STILL got over it. Your treatment of loyal fans on Twitter, e.g. the fan who called you out for not caring about the console version and got the response of "IF I LOVED A GAME ID BUY IT ON PC" (As though anyone would care enough to buy this mess after that sort of treatment) I resented, but I played on regardless. The Hype Train, a pay-to-enter version of a previous free event, that provided us with an advertisement for a future pay-for DLC and an enemy that's virtually immortal without DLC, that makes it near impossible for armour players to play the game their way I tried and tried to ignore, but the fact that people paid millions collectively to see an ad got under my skin. When you failed to deliver on an enemy you presented TWO YEARS AGO and didn't start development for until the beginning of 2015, and instead just made it a hyper-powerful version of an already existing enemy (That of course is weak as a kitten if you use DLC-only explosives), that deploys with what is essentially a small troop of copies of itself I was disgusted. The FBI files, a long-awaited addition to the game, turned out to be a link to Overkill's own website that plays a cute little "Virtual machine" that shows you gun statistics, something there's already a Wiki for, as well as the character's profiles and backgrounds, something you could already see on crimenet in game. And I took a break, and figured I'd get over it eventually. I'd come back, I'd play again. I played this game to the point where I could beat Death Wish solo on loud heists, so surely I'd pull through thick and thin and return to the game with open arms. Right?
And then Overkill lost it.
The game now has CS:GO's uncrating system. They clearly noticed Gun Mettle was a huge success in Team Fortress 2 and decided their community would love the same thing. Small problem with this theory, however: Team Fortress 2 already had an item system, and hundreds upon thousands of cosmetics that could customise your characters to however you wanted them to be. Payday had nothing of this sort, so this comes across as a blatant cash-in on an idea that worked for another game. But that's fine. Even if they stole the idea right down to the dot on the I (Or the inspect animations in this instance), it worked for CS:GO, it wasn't as bad as anyone with over 15 hours thought it was going to be in TF2, maybe it'll work for Overkill, despite their weapons being awarded via a level system and changing appearances based on what attachments and customisations you apply to the weapons. And if that were it, I'd say "I really hate this company but whatever" and resign myself to just playing.
But no, that's not all. The weapon skins give statistical advantages. These give upgrades in stats compared to the base skins. And there's NO other way to get them, save for opening them with a [strike]key[/strike]drill, straight from the community marketplace. You HAVE to spend money, REAL money, not the two billion you have sitting in your offshore account with no purpose since they lied about safehouse customisation, but actual currency on your Steam account, to get these weapons, and by not shelling out extra money that already costs (Or so I've been informed, not a US resident) around 25$, you are at a disadvantage to other players who WILL do so, because Overkill wanted to profit that much more off an update TF2 did for free, which was successful because of the rebalancings. Congrats, Overkill. I know I'm not the only person you'll have heard this from, but you're true filth, and I took great pleasure in uninstalling. DON'T buy this game. All you'll do is have your arm twisted until you relent and buy an ever-expanding list of DLC, and now apparently some pretty gun skins, or else the game is insultingly difficult (On Death Wish, all other difficulties are easy regardless, because why would "Overkill", the fourth difficulty setting with only one above it, pose a challenge, and stealth is always easy just for what it is). The game is disgusting, and never content with the amount of cash it's sucked in, and broken beyond repair. But don't expect it to be fixed. That'll cost you extra.
Brief update, significantly late: The microtransactions have been (Mostly) retracted. Whether that's enough to make amends isn't for me to decide, feel free to decide for yourself
We've come a long way with this game. We had some ups and downs but, overall, it's undeniable that Payday2 Is a great game and that, for the most part, Overkill behaved well towards their gaming community. 
Unfortunately, that ends today. There's no more trust to be had towards Overkill and their Microtransactions update for an event where everything was promised free.
This is a payed game, with lots of payed DLC (LOTS) and despite their promises two years ago:
"We've made it clear that PAYDAY 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)"
Overkill has broken their word.

Until this changes, stay away from Payday 2, as much as it saddens me to say so...
OVERKILL, THE MANNCONOMY DOES NOT FUCKING WORK IN A GAME THAT COSTS MONEY. 
THE MANNCONOMY THAT AFFECTS STATS OF PRE-EXISTING GUNS DOES NOT WORK IN A GAME PERIOD.

THIS IS NOT A GAME WORTH FUCKING $135 IN DLC.
This was the best game i've ever played. But why it's now garbage.
The amount of DLC'S that have been produced, 26! What the f***, it costs more then the game itself! Even when it was $50
and the worst part is. $5 for a few masks, and some mostly terrible weapons that are just for looking cool. Sure, some are good, but still $5.00. I've had this game from the start, it was amazing despite all the bugs. But now it's basically become Clash Of Clans. I preordered this game, the least they could do is give us the seasons pass or a few free DLC'S for trusting their game. Also, $5.00 for a character. Seriously, now it's just $5.00 for a character soundtrack and skin. ALSO, the amount of hackers on this game is pathetic, seriously they need to stop it. Also, look at Payday: The Heist. It has 1 DLC.
This has 36. Don't even get me started on $7.00 on a map, seriously it should be free, we paid for the game we should own the whole thing. The worst part is that there is other games (like Terraria) that have released sooooo many free updates without any dlc. And we get "Old Hoxton" and "John Wick" and we get 5 dissapointing maps.

Do not buy this game, i'd urge you to download Clash Of Clans instead of this.
I've played this game for 734 hours of my life, and I can say without a shadow of a doubt it was a fantastic game, brimming with potential at some point. Now? It's turned to shit because of incompetent developers who can't listen to the community and just try to peddle their stupid micro transactions & DLC rather than actually improving the game.

Do yourself a favor and don't buy this.
Someone saw a Suspicious Review and called the police 

EDIT - The Rise and Fall of the Gaming Industry Edition: This was a fun game to play with my partner-in-crime. We could see past the somewhat-random 'stealth' mechanism and what not, it was still fun and hilarious regardless. But celebrating Crimefest with some already well-known disgusting 'virtual casino' marketing scheme? ON TOP of the already huge pile of DLC? Bravo. Outstanding. Bona fide. Muy grande! Fantastisch! Kanpeki!

OVERKILL right now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT8OU5WtfkQ

Where there's gonna be a cow, there's gonna be milk. Just let this game die already.
Goodbye old friend, you may have helped me through some hard times, I've defended you to no end, till now. This is too much. Please revert the microtransaction update.
Also known as PAYDLC 2 or Nickel & Dime Simulator.
Microtransactions are introduced as of Oct 15, 2015 despite the developers stressing out not to add them.

1. http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/
2. http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521
" We've made it clear that PAYDAY 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!"
3. http://steamcommunity.com/app/24240/discussions/0/810924774517838925/#c810925398555174856

Avoid this game like herpes!
Update 2017: it has come to my attention that the game has made many changes and the devs have ttried to fix any wrongs they have done this review will be updated once i have a chance to test out the new game.

Payday 2: Global Offensive 
im sorry Overkill I am  done! You finally crossed one line too many I am done!
 I am not paying 2.50$ for a shotgun or any gun with afancy skin that happens to shoot better or whatever stat bonus you want to throw at it.
Free Content does not = Microtransactions
This game had me hooked up from the get go. A coop shooter in which you're the bad guy and rob everything in your way. 

The game definetly has a lot of good things going for it in its current state, a huge weapon and skill system that lets you customize your heister to your very own liking with masks that are purely cosmetical, but a nice addition nonetheless.

The point of this review isn't the great and fun dynamic gameplay I believe this game has, its about overkills marketing decision.
I always accepted the bunch of dlcs as a way to support a small developer that doesnt work on a lot of projects, however it was always a bit shady. Now with the introduction of the free crimefest event that was about reaching community set in-game goals they took the cake though.
Overkill introduced a skin system similar to what csgo has, not only are the key prices too high, but the skins will actually affect your gameplay now giving you statistic boosts to your weapons. e.g making them more accurate/powerful.

I simply cant by any means support this business decision and will leave this game a negative review until we get an official statement by overkill adressing this issue.

I am aware of the hours I put into this game and as I said i had a lot of fun with it and I will most likely continue playing, but cant with a good heart continue supporting this company if this is the direction they're going.

I would advise new players to stick to the vanilla game which offers enough great and fun hours with friends, but dont support this decisionmaking by overkill.

Cheers.

Edit: After a long time I've decided to check up on payday again and see where it stands now and what happened since the crimefest fiasco.

To my surprise it seems like overkill caved under the pressure the community put on them and revamped the system properly. While I appreciate the move I will leave this review as it is as a reminder. Fuck micro transactions 😀🖕
As I stated already the game has a lot of content to discover and the rpg like system allows for a lot of unique setups and techniques in your heists.

cheers once again.
Pretty Good, Overkill is Awesome, Gun Weapon Mods arnt Terrible in Any Way, Shape or Form,                                                                        



To Access the rest of the review please buy a Steam Review Drill ($5.99)
I got 700h+ on record, bought almost all DLCs and now the developer breaks promises (no microtransactions) and adds paid stat boosting skins to weapons.
Can't recommend the game as long as this feature is not changed to at least only cosmetical skins.
OVERKILL have repeatedly lied in the past about never adding microtransactions to PAYDAY 2, which is exactly what they did today. For betrying the community you get a gentle downvote for your game.
MEGA EDIT a year later edition:[b]So They set the Drills for free,now all the "new" safes are free to open,all the old "one's" still require to buy a drill to open.[/b]

Today 30/05/16 Overkill pre-announced the update #100 for the game,basically they bought the game rights back from the publisher(505Games)and announced that the priced drills will be REMOVED for ALL the upcoming safes,this basically mean that the safes will keep dropping but that they will automatically be open for FREE,no more drills,you can still trade the skins but NO NEED to use drills to open the safes(all the "old" safes will still require a drill to be opened but they will remove the drop for them).

Now this means they actually better now no more Overkill liars? kind of,they decided to buy the right back from the publisher and be free to do what they want with the PayDay 2 franchise,still tho as stated by Producer at overkill [url=https://www.twitch.tv/starbreeze/v/70271347]Here[/url] they said that ALL the MT's idea was an Overkill idea not a publisher one so yeah,nice commercial practices right there...

Now that they said that they are gone(MT's),i still want to wait and see what times have to give us,they still have to fix a heck ton of stuff in the game,still have to fix shit ton of bugs here since the game beta,discutable DLC's quality to a too high price(for the content/quality)

So as last statement i would say well done OVERKILL,for the roll back(still tho strange,first they say it's profitable then maybe as someone suggested because of the Skin unlockers they where not that profitable anymore)keep doing this,but really now focus on providing some high quality content.

[b]My review will still remain negative until i don't see a even more step in the right direction,this is a start A GREAT START but a lot of steps have to be made still to turn this on positive again.[/b]
EDIT:couple days later edition:Just to be more clear,i think that is NOT all forgiven AT ALL,as i said up there's still shit ton of stuff to fix,feature promised since the release of the game still not released,discutable quality of the DLC's and lots of other stuff,oh and people think that the publisher was the evil guy that "force" them to develop MT's well,maybe it's true,my opinion? bullshit or max 50% true,what is sure is that Overkill agreed with the introduction of MT's,maybe they just did a nice marketing move now who knows,people think that after several months after the Black market update aka skins and MT's introduction the selling of them was dropping quite a few and they probably want to save the more they can and set them for free,so basically there's still a lot of stuff from Overkill to really prove that they sincerilly doing this because they want to get better.

["OLD" review will remain here as reminder of what happened]

[strike]As you can see from my hours on record,i'm a PayDay 2 veteran playing it since the beginning i loved this game/devs since the start lovelly idea's and a Developer different from the other one's,i saw a lot of things change,some were cool and fantastic,some less but Overkill software was always ready to listen to the player opinion and tweak the things they don't like and as always i was there enjoying the game,a Developer that actually listen to the user request/feedback is hard to find this days,that's one of the reason why Overkill WAS my favorite game Dev,some months ago they started releasing REALLY low quality and Buggy DLC at full price every month,the last one was the worst of all time(chyvarly DLC)and now at the time of this review,they introduced micro-transaction in the game,just to let you know they always said that they will NEVER introduce Micro-transaction in the game because they said they absolutly don't like that kind of things,and today they've done the exact opposite.


EDIT:21/10/2015 In the day 6 of the crimefest they added a clearly rushed/last moment card drop called the Wolf Card that give's you a drill for free,nice move Overkill nice move,but it's not what we asked,the Micro-transaction have to leave FOREVER,they never was something to add to this game as Almir said at the game launch "We’ve made it clear that PAYDAY 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)" this is someting that have to be removed,you lied to us Overkill,and that's what you got Tons of negative reviews and all this on the most big internet press around the world.

EDIT:25/10/15 Worst crimefest ever,a fixfest i would call it for features that should be in the game since the beginning and bugfix as "rewards".

The next time try harder and remove the micro-transaction.
EDIT:07/11/15 [url=https://twitter.com/steam_spy/status/655689467240452096]"Player seem to be loving it" almir listo[/url] I'm not so sure about that Almir(currently at 76% on Steam,3.3 on Metacritic)

[url=https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/3q53ms/crimefest_is_over_ama_discussion_with_almir_on/]The absolute disaster of the Almir AMA on reddit[/url]

[url=http://www.twitch.tv/rustychains/v/23497936]Almir dodging the question LIVE on Twitch[/url]

EDIT:13/11/15 They fucked up the game even more now glad they(not) heard our feedback,introducing even more Pay2Win microtransaction(Random crew bonus at a price of half a dlc)and the not so surprising after all this mess COP reward a 1/25 Random skin with random specs after 6+ months of waiting GfuckingG overkill,even the moderators here on steam and on Reddit refuses to moderate the forum's again and support this madness.[/strike]
I loved this game, it was the absolute best of the best playing with friends completeing awesome heists, but now, im sad, because this game is a former shadow of what it once was, overkill was a company that listened to its players and changes things acording to there opinions, they released free weapons and heists from time to time and that is AMAZING, i loved the developers and supported them every step of the way, BUT I GUESS THATS ALL GOIN OUT THE GOD DAMNED WINDOW BECAUSE OVERKILL PUT MICROTRANSACTIONS IN THE GAME, WOOPDIDOO I GUESS ILL JUST GO FIND ANOTHER GAME TO PUT 500 FUCKING HOURS INTO, FUCK YOU ALMIR YOU DESTROYED WHAT I LOVE.
I used to love this game and I would play it almost every day.  However, with the recent update adding skins with stat boosts that can only be obtained through microtransactions, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.  The game was already leaning towards Pay2Win with all the DLC that added weapons that were superior to the vanilla weapons, but the game was still amazing and fun without any DLC.  Sadly Overkill has given up and they aren't even trying to hide the fact that the game is Pay2Win anymore.  

So it's up to you of you want to buy this game, but I would not recommend it.  What used to be fun has now become a mess of microtransactions.
4 flat-out lies.
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521
http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/
http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/574565690959092377/B8FF9A527FC5F79FE6D87A93F46C2AD9A71D68D1/
"all crimefest content will be free"

I don't care about cosmetics in crates used to fund a game but people have wanted customizeable guns in the same vein as masks since day 1. 
The response was always: "but the models are too low res" (Which is now invalid since it's clear they could've fixed that at any time.) or "You can already do that in goon mod" (But only you see it, so also invalid)

The other problem is the stats tagged onto them when they just nerfed a bunch of guns. They gimped weapons and are now selling them back to us.

We worked to unlock this for free with the understanding that anything we didn't unlock would be paid. If we didn't get that goal would it have been dlc? No. All the goals were guaranteed to be unlocked from the start. Just like last crimefest with wick. A guise to build hype for the playbase. (I didn't mind wick but the means by which he was given to us was crap).

The game has a ton of DLC already. I've spent like 200$ on this game.

Skins can be for DLC weapons that you don't own.

This game isn't in the proper genre nor do it's mechanics support this system. You're not expressing your style with these skins like you do with your gun mods or mask or build. This one element contradicts the rest of the game's design fundamentals.

I've bought every dlc up to this point and always looked forward to more but now I regret all of that. I don't even want to play anymore, I'm just disgusted by this whole thing.

The player count was dead today. Nobody wanted to play this. They need to revert this. I don't even think it should have crates at all. I wish we could just get the gun customization we've always wanted. They just proved it's possible and now it's even more aggravating.
-----Updated review:

With the broken promise of introducing microtransactions, I can no longer recommend Payday 2, nor will I support or laud Overkill as I have done in the past.

- Skinny from the Fat B*stard [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/skinnyfat#](curator link)[/url]

-----Previous (positive) review:

One of the best FPS experiences available. Fun solo; even better in co-op with friends.

Payday 2 picks up where [url=http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006934852/recommended/24240]Payday 1[/url] left off - improving on almost every facet of the first game.

Several heists have been designed specifically with the option to use stealth tactics as opposed to going loud (aka "Plan B"), with a revamped skill system to help facilitate the players' preferences.

With a tonne of post-release content, both free and paid (but none of it essential), the developers continue to foster a healthy relationship with the community, listening to and working with the playerbase to improve an already superb game.
I was gonna waste my time by writing a salty review but instead im just gonna say

Congratulations on adding microtransactions on the game's 4th birthday.
The developer has just introduced weapon skins that can be found in random crate drops that cost $2.50 each to unlock. These skins give your weapons stat boosts, some significant and powerful boosts according to the developer. I don't want to play any more. Don't buy this game.
Solid game, but why they put microtransactions in such a moddable game when they specifically said they wouldn't is beyond me. I can mod my gun anyway. all they are for is to show off how much better you are than everyone else and pay for stats (AKA "Pay to Win") a poor choice.
The game was great, but instead of fixing important bugs and fulfilling their promises they decide to pump out more and more DLC for ridiculous prices. With two more years of DLC cash grab coming up I no longer have faith in this game. Yes, DLC is optional but the game without DLC is rather limited and not worth it's money. The insane amount of DLC also creates a large disparity between players where you have people who have to play with a pistol and a rifle and those who run around with rockets launchers and miniguns. You get kicked from games because you don't have the right DLC related mask or weapon and hosting your own missions is out of the question unless you're willing to spend huge amounts of money on buying the required DLC. This sort of DLC policies ruin the gaming industry and based on all this I simply can't recommend the game.

And now they added microtransactions in what was supposed to be a period of free updates (crimefest). This only adds to my earlier frustration and only confirms my earlier message.
Here we are, Day 1 of crimefest 2015, and I've been convienced by Overkill themselves to write this review. (Sorry if it sounds ranty, but it kind've is.)

 It's been a while since we've gotten any REAL updates. Everything for the past months has been DLC. We rarely actually get anything for free. We finally get the FBI files? It's just a link to a website off site from the game. I've been told that this makes it BETTER but it still comes off as lazy, I don't know. Our new Gensec enemy? Captain Winters? A bunch of shields crammed into eachother. I ran into that everytime I played Hotline Miami day 2. The Chivalry pack was personally my last straw, as it introduced items FROM ANOTHER GAME... FOR MONEY. Meanwhile, Chivalry gets Payday items for free. Crazy right? But now THIS. We were promised free updates for crimefest. Emphasis on "FREE"? And what was the first thing we get? First of all, we got a weapon rebalance, which was threatened to never occur unless we did the rediculous road to crimefest challenges. But now? F**KING. CRATES. That's right, CRATES. Like TF2, and CS:GO. Overkill's greed has no bounds, their supposed 'free' update, is nothing but a gimmick laced with micro-transactions.

 Now, I loved Payday, as you could discern by my playtime. But this? This is just the mark of a bad company trying its most to squeeze every little cent out of its player base. They do so little to ever improve the actual game. There are game-breaking bugs still present that have been in since day 1. And insted of fixing them, they push more content, begging for money. "Well it's just a change, you'll get over it." No, not this time. This is where I draw the line. This is where I say, no more. I'm never spending another cent on this game. This single update has literally sapped all the fun I could have out of it. Good job Overkill. You've killed your franchise for one more player. Maybe when you're sinking, you can look back and atleast realize how and where you f**ked up. I may reconcider were they to withdraw the fact you have to PAY for the 'special drills' (keys) to open their 'safes' (crates).

 And guess what? They won't ever do that. Overkill never backs out of ANYthing. And no matter how much the player-base hates it, there'll be enough people who'll eat it up to keep Overkill afloat, and that's all that matters to them. Screw 80% of the community when we only need 20% to survive, right? During crimefest, they were hardpressed to actually get 30,000 people online at once. They had to make an announcement for it. The game is dying, and they're doing nothing to help it other than trying to make that last few cents before it does.

 >Edit<
 And here we had day 2... Nothing short of a JOKE. We get some crappy masks? ONLY masks? And not just that, FIVE WHOLE CHALLENGES. WERE DEDICATED. TO. MASKS?? It should tell you something that this game's reviews SWEPT red over night. It dropped a whole 10% in approval ratings within 24 hours of announcing the blackmarket, and another 4% before writing this review (It has over 140,000 reviews. That's a lot of people changing their minds.)  And WOW. Nobody's screwed up this bad in a single update since Valve and Bethesda tried to charge cash for mods, and guess what? They LEARNED from that mistake. This was a great chance for Overkill to save SOME face but instead they spit in ours. I hold my breath on what kind've disappointment Day 3 holds.

 >Edit edit<
 And here we are, Day 6. Overkill finally buckled and added in drills as card drops. Or so they say, I've yet to see a single, even MISSED card, as this fabled 'Wolf Card'. Good job setting the drop-rate lower than an infamous mask. Nothing else has been changed, and this is hardly a comprimise.

>Edit edit edit<
 So Crimefest has come and went, and while it COULD have been good. The fact it was poisoned by the blackmarket update remains. The additions of old heists is pretty cool. But really? What did we get other than that? A lot of masks nobody could care for? An update to the AI and Crime.net that SHOULD have already been in the game? ONE new gun and a really buggy new tripod mechanic, that shows little to no actual value of use on anything over normal difficulty due to specials and their incap abilities. A jump animation update that doesn't even look good? We got new masks, new achievements, and a new TRAILER, all revolving around jump animations, are you serious? What else did we get?

 Oh yes, let me write it out. I'd hate to touch on things I already have, but it's been nearly a week since I touched this review.

 Microtransactions - We already had to pay 20-30 dollars for the game. Then they ask for 100+ dollars for DLC. Now this, a mechanic literally ripped out of CS:GO. Do you know what skins are? They're a mod. You know how before, we'd get around 4 weapons, maybe 4 masks, and some assorted mods for a 5 dollar pack? Now they're asking for 2.50 for ONE weapon mod. Oh it's not the one you want? TOO BAD! Go gamble some more.

 Broken Promises - Former head of Overkill said there wouldn't be any. Current head of Overkill said there wouldn't be any. And what did we get? We got them anyway... Where's the safe house customization that was promised BEFORE release? Where's the COMPLETELY OVERKILL SPECIAL ITEM, for those of us who baught that pack? Who supported you when you asked for it, and then you sh*t on us? It took over a year to develop the FBI files, and what was it? A WEBSITE. ONE LITERALLY STOLLEN FROM THE PAYDAY STATS GUY. It took over a year to develop the new Gensec enemy, and it was the laziest f**king thing, literally just shields mushed together. The driving mechanics were promised to be fixed, and they're still wonky as hell. We still have major desync issues. But those can wait when you have a new 5-7 dollar DLC pack to push out right?

 One p**sed off community - The game's Steam approval rating has dropped about 23% since the update was introduced, and it's only on a steady decline from here. Do I need to say more? That's around 35,000+ people of the current 160,000+ reviewers, or have either made a new review like me or changed their old ones. Overkill claims to always have open ears to the community but it's clear they don't give a crap what we think.

>Edit x4<

 So I got word the COP item was released. But before we get to that, I'd like to point out Overkill announcing the Charity thing just after crimefest ended. I don't know of this was just really well timed, or they're attempting to cover their as*es, with the 'it's for the Children!' routine, but from how Overkill treated us so far, I'm guessing the latter.

ANYway, the COP item finally came out and /WOW/. It's nothing but another. F**king. Crate. A 20 dollar crate. Really guys? Took you the better part of a year to come up with that one, did it? We get a random weapon skin from it as usual. It's completely random with no say over what it is. It's not even gurenteed a good quality. Needless to say, the community is back up in arms over this, as they should be. It's apparently gotten so bad, the forum moderators have quit since Overkill is physically incapable of learning a simple lesson. The item in the COP safe was promised to be cosmetic only, yet apparently comes with more stat boosts than any other skin thus far. (If I've read this right, forgive any misinformation as I've stopped caring about this flustercluck of a game since October.) They've claimed the sales are doing what they want, so I assume their whole goal was to get 50,000 people hating them. Oh sorry, we're the 'vocal minority' so we don't matter. (The game at any given time has about 20k people playing it at most. I'm pretty sure doubling that takes us out of the 'minority' range.)
Overkill are untrustworthy. Several representatives of Overkill claimed that Payday 2 would not include micro-transactions. One such represenative said that it would "never" happen. And yet, they implemented micro-transactions as part of the "free" Crimefest II update. Moral of story: Never buy Overkill products and never trust their word for it is worthless.

Furthermore, independent sources claim that Overkill have taken an axe to the modding community in the same update, even mods "approved" by Overkill such as HoxHud, by supposedly removing the LUA Hook required to make mods work. If true, such is certainly not the way to thank a community for their dedication to improving a game over a prolonged period of time.

Finally, that Overkill would have the effrontery to do both of the above things as a "reward" for completing community challenges in the Road To Crime Fest Event shows complete and utter contempt for the Payday 2 community. Keeping in mind that the Road to Crime Fest Event is all about celebrating the anniversary of Payday: The Heist - which is ironically micro-transaction free. Clearly Overkill have grown fat on the profits of their hit DLC train known as Payday 2, I say that because every employee at Overkill must be on acid for them to collectively conclude that this was the right way and right time to implement something that they'd previously stated they'd never do.

Yes, micro-transactions and the removal of modding capability is exactly what this game needed - Clearly...

Sources: 
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showpost.php?p=34451580&postcount=1
http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/
Final Verdict/Edit:
If you hold developers to any standard
If content is more important than quotas
If you don't believe in the "paid DLC that gives other players advantages" business model
If you think drastically altering stats for the sake of making DLC items fit in is poor planning
If you dislike feeling poweless while watching a game you like slowly deteriorate due to incessant fanboyism/blind consumerism

Don't
Buy
This
Game.

(old) Edit: Since the announcement of their re-aquisition to the rights of Payday 2 and removal of future microtransactions, I'm cautiously optimistic about the game's new direction. I still believe they have old promises to make up for, but I'm giving the game a chance again. My review will remain negative until I see more.

Old Review:
Good sneaking fun, but it's been almost 2 years since they've promised old content, and continue to release paid DLC in place of it. As a consumer, I feel abused and unrespected for the support I've given the company. I think I need to see more progress in old promises before they start charging me for new ones.

I plan to change my review if they decide to take the community's advice and make right the wrongs they've done to it as a whole.

A "We salute you!" won't cover it this time.
The community achieved all 25 CrimeFest goals, guaranteeing 25 free content updates.
The first one Overkill provided was microtransactions in return for more effective weapons.

The best part about this game now is that I save some 25gb of disk space by not having it installed anymore.
Do NOT buy this game!  As of the posted review, they have added microtransactions in the form of weapon skins.  This basically makes them liars, as they had originally posted that this game would never have microtransactions in the first place.

To make it worse, the weapon skins add stats to the guns.  Much as I love this game and the hours I've put into it, I'm done with it until they, at the very LEAST, make weapon skins not give stats.

Oh, and they broke mods too.
I've put in well over a thousand hours into this game at this point but a lot of those hours were ruined by hackers that Overkill has still done nothing about. The DLC power creep is enormous at this point and now they've introduced microtransactions despite promising they would never do it. I'm sick of putting up with so much lazy garbage for a game that should be way more enjoyable.
When I purchased the game, Almir stated the game would never have micro transactions.
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521
Overkill has recently added microtransactions to the game, with paid skins that provide stat bonuses. As long as the game contains paid skins that provide stat bonuses, this negative review will stay.
This used to be my most played game on Steam, and I have had lots of fun playing this with friends, to the point where I decided buying Overkill's P2W DLC was not such a bad Idea. Since then, I saw the game evolve to what can only be described as a cash cow, and this update is the final straw. Getting us hyped for new, free content, only to give us microtransactions for CSGO skin knockoffs that give you stats? Shame on you overkill, my hard drive now has a lot more free space.

Also: http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521

Just wow
I really liked this game i really did, but i should not have to constantly wonder when my game is going to crash next and if my game is even going to start so until they patch the game i can not recommend this game to anyone.
I have about 800+ hours in total Payday 2 gametime. I absolutely loved the game.
BUT with the recent cashgrabbing attitude like 2.49 for an ingame drop CHANCE i don't think i will ever play it again.
Broken promises and bad business practice ruined it.
RIP Payday 2 , it was one hell of a ride.
Awful developers, who promote and promise and yet never deliver. Just more DLC, and now Microtransactions. As someone who pre-purchased and has played the hell out of the game, I stopped playing a long time ago. But the game is clearly going free to play, several developers have left the company in this time seeing the track the company has gone down.

I'd recommend an immediate refund if you've bought the game, since I can't get my money back due to having played the shit out of payday2 when it was entertaining and had a good business model.

Unfortunately, after two years it remains buggy as hell and the skills in the game remain ill-balanced making only certain build's viable.

If you do play this game, I'd wait until it becomes free to play, and then hacking for whatever you want.
what an awesome game, repetitive action, only 2-3 heists are even worth doing, endless grinding and oh endless paid DLCs that you need to have even a choice of doing the upper difficulty heists. What's that? want a light machine gun? that's 5 bucks. oh you want a shotgun? 5 bucks. and now, they've added microtransactions to this game, as if the greedy paid DLCs weren't enough, despite having sworn to never do this, great job ovk, wow. skip this game, do yourself a favour.
Today January 14 2016, overkill realeased a DLC wich is a crossover with one of the most stupid game ever GOAT SIMULATOR!!! ( Here is an idea for OVK Next you should realease a cross-over with shower with your dad simulator ;) I'm sur people at OVK will think it's a good idea). 

For me it is too much, I never thinked of Payday 2 as a realistic game, but there is a differencce between unrealistic and completely dumb ! If you want to release more shitty cross-over in the future at least dont ask 7.79 $ for it !!!

I wont pay for that DLC, and I uninstalled Payday 2, and wont re-install it unless OVK change their way! 

Payday 2 is a great game but, greedy developement have destroyed it ! Overkill is laughing at it's player base trying to milk all the money they can from it ! IF you dont have time to patch bugs, how can you have time to realease that BS ???

2 of the special enemy in the game are broken ! Tazer can taze you without line of sight ! Cloaker can cloak tought wall ! But, no time to fix special enemy !

The so called Re-balance, Overkill tried to balance weapon during crimefest, now we have handgun hitting harder than shotgun and assault rifle! Its been more than 2 months and nothing has been made about this! 

The perk deck are currently un-balanced, some are not even usable on Deathwish! Overkill said they were balancing the game around the base content ! Armorer is one of the base perk deck and it's worthless! Infiltrator and Grinder are great for DW but guess what, they both come with DLC !

After one year working on a new enemy! They released Captain winters ! The captain arrive on the map, stop moving, and lock the wave!( you have to defeat him for the police assault to stop) He is surrounded by other shield! And guess what ? The best way to defeat him is Molotov Cocktail(BBQ pack DLC). But they are balancing the game around base content....

Overkill said that after crimefest they would be more transparent...But ..... They said they would listen to the community too! Oh yeah Almir now create thread in the forum ! Then drop a couple of ;) in the comment, that's listeneing to the community !! 

I used to buy every DLC at he moment they were relased, I would have buyed any full priced game from overkill, Would have pre-ordered it! But with the way they are taking now I wont buy anything from them at full price !!

GG overkill !!! You can now rename your game for: PAY-2-WIN-DAY !

Posted: 15 Oct, 2015 @ 7:38pm	
Updated: 21 Oct, 2015 @ 1:04pm

Overkill are still liar they lied about MC and a lot of other thiings! They took the first step in the right direction at day 6 of crimefest by making drill dropable by card drop!

This is not enough yet ! Now safe and drill can be dropped in-game, but we have no idea of the drop rate of the drill. Overkill still have a lot to do, and to learn!

I dont think they will continue in the right direction...
Crimefest is close. Free rewards for the community since they finished challenges given by overkill during the last few weeks.

Now Crimefest is here. The first reward is revealed and it is....a treasure/chest/crate system with Skins ala Team Fortress 2 and Counterstrike: Global Offensive.

I liked Payday 1, i liked Payday 2. I might not have alot of hours put into the games, but it was a nice game to get back on once in a while and Crimefest was the perfect opportunity to get back in now.

After seeing the First Day Update of skins that BOOST stats of the weapons and the gambling mechanic, which costs as much as a key in TF2 or CS:GO, i deinstalled and im never going to look back.
Overkill lied to us when they promised "free" rewards and they lied to us when they said a few years ago: "PD2 will never have micro-transactions". It's a damn shame what is happening right now
Once upon a time I heartily recommended this game to all my friends, and anyone else who would listen.

Overkill have now implemented microtransactions into retail game. Regardless of how 'cheap' the game gets, unless it is free to play, this is not okay.

Don't touch this game with a stick until the issue is rectified.
Game used to be fun. Not anymore. Pointless grinding and the money-making policies of Overkill ruined it.

Aside from 200$ and more in DLC with overpowered weapons and weapon classes people with the vanilla version have no access to (e.g. RPG, any sniper rifle, any LMG, grenades), Overkill introduced a crate system similar to CS:GO, Dota 2 oder TF2.

This was "rewarded" to the community for completing challenges set by Overkill for the annual Crimefest.
Payday 2 is nothing but a money grab for the developers. They don't care about their players at all unless they critisize Overkill in which case they will be banned from the forums and their posts deleted.

This game is a rip-off similar to "Infestation: Survivor Stories" and the like.
I fell in love with this game learning and playing it with friends, but this bullshit with skins that give stats you have to pay to get a key to unlock is just utter bullshit. Especially considering their promises to not include microtransactions, which they've been skirting around for years now with the growing mountain of DLC.
Over $100 worth of DLC + microtransactions, bugs galore, little to no performance optimization, heists continually recycled, lackluster, or unbalanced, and enemies (Winters, turrets, abundant shields, etc) that largely make playing without DLC unbearable. As of now, there is little to nothing of value in Payday 2.
Been playing this game for a long time and i have payed for all the dlc`s with a smile. But after the crimefest FREE content with a micro transaction, i feel sick. The payday 2 community have supported Overkill and keeping it alive, but now i fear payday 2 will die. To all people that are thinking about trying this game, keep away! Keep away untill they have removed the micro transactions. This was a very good game, going to morn the fall off Payday2 and i am going to hate having to see  the new The walking dead game made by Overkill turn inn to a money drain.
I tried for a long time to like this game, but it's just not good.

The shooting and the music is good but nothing is satisfying. The AI is brain dead and it feels like this is a horde shooter with cops. Those two don't mix together at all. Also the menus are terrible and they have never improved them despite the complaints since launch.

Overall the severe lack of polish is what makes this game not fun for me and I can now see why Overkill is in the state that they are in now. They got lucky with this game, that's all.
Crimefest/Grindfest was explicitly promised as leading to free content.  First content released?  Severely overpriced weapon skins with a real pay2win vibe (they change stats, so they're more than merely cosmetic).

The cost of unlocking the random skins is prohibitive as well
Enjoyable game, but with some poor balance. Stealth is usually preferable to doing loud, and the stealth and loud missions are poorly planned out. DS one down is horrible and this game is full of glitches. Bots sometimes don't revive you, ending your gameplay quickly and stealth is mostly done with bots or friends as stealth is a bad concept in general.
Boycott all OVERKILL games.

Leave bad reviews.

Any company that has ceo's that steal money from development and staff and screw customers should not be supported at all.
Pay Day 2 VR - Managed to destroy an amazing game with awful VR experience, clipping, annoying... actually no, the most infuriating movement ever known to man ever in any VR game... and the most annoying sound track being blasted into your ears constantly over and over again - until they bleed - which is awesome because again, it stops you complaining about the movement in the game.  PAY DAY 2 is a great game ruined by a very poor  VR experience,.
This game is less glitchy on a rock, this game is worth maybe 10$ with all DLC. You will lose so much fookin time to the game crashing right before you finish the heist, you'll disconnect from the host randomly, people kick you for not being max infamy (cancerous), you wont be able to drop in to active games 100% of the time, and you can bet your sweet ass that they arent ever going to fix these game breaking bugs. Thx overkill for dunking on me a third time
Overkill is the worst company in the game industry ever! They scamed us with their game The Walking Dead. How could you be so greedy!? I really hope the company will meet bancrupcy for the good of the gamers!
