Chivalry Medieval Warfare Review
Chivalry Medieval Warfare is an exciting multiplayer title crafted by Torn Banner Studios. It features stunning visuals of middle ages, engaging gameplay mechanics, riveting character classes and powerful weapons that will keep you hooked to your screens. The backdrop reflects a classy Medieval fictional world with similar game aspects that were a highlight of the developer's earlier title, Half-Life 2 mod, Age of Chivalry. 
Released globally on October 16, 2012, for PC users, the title was extended for Xbox and PlayStation 3 platforms in December 2014. It also comes equipped with a standalone expansion pack called Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior, which was made available for gaming enthusiasts on November 14, 2013.
The gameplay involves a civil war between two factions residing in the fictional world of middle ages where you can pick sides amongst four different character classes and use powerful defensive tools to knock down their opponents. You can enjoy playing this cool battle-play title in either first person or third person, win rewards, fight enemies and lead your pack with the help of medieval weapons fit for a war. These include swords, longbows, maces and axes amongst others. Use these to thwack, smash and throw darts at your foes to make your way to the top. Exciting tools like boiling oil, ballistae, a battering ram and catapults are also at your disposal to raid castles, win the historic battle and turn the tides in your faction's favor. 
Build fortifications, gather ammunition and engage in an objective-based gameplay to grab the top slot in Chivalry Medieval Warfare.
I don't think I've ever had so much fun being dismembered before. Focusing far more on action and fun than on realism, Chivalry is quite possibly my favorite multiplayer game of the last year. Easy to pick up, harder to master, and with an actual reward system in place for honing your skills, Chivalry is perfect for both the casual and hardcore gamer alike. Feel like having some crazy arene combat for 15 minutes before you leave for work? This game is right for you. Want to be up all night, storming the castle in a way that requires teamwork? This game is right for you. Want to prove you're the best to ever wield a sword, pike, axe, or bow and have all bow before you? This game is right for you. It isn't without its flaws, but there really is no other game that can provide you with an experience like this. Pick it up....you won't regret it.
[h1]This Review[/h1]
(TL;DR at bottom)
So, I'm beginning this review to help potential buyers decide whether they want this game. This review will track my progress as I log more and more hours into the game as it stands (as per this edit) I'm at [b]23 hours[/b], that's just under one full day of gaming. At the end of this review, I'll try to break down pro's and con's of the game and look a little more in-depth at what the game has to offer.

[b]Level 1[/b]
Starting the game, you'll notice the lack of single-player options - and right you are. This game is based around purely multiplayer midieval combat. So lets start our first game. Picking a server is easy at a lower level, those highlighted in green are [i]low-rank[/i] servers, that means players level 0 to 15. These servers generally have a high population, and cycle through the game modes.
When you (or I, in this case) pick a server, you'll be able to see the current gamemode as well as current/limit players. I started with a low-pop Team Deathmatch game with 16 total players. When I hopped into the game, it was about halfway through, and as the teams were even, I got to pick a side (Agatha Knights or Mason Order). Now, these teams don't really matter all that much later on, no one will shun you for picking one over the other, but in my case I chose the Mason Order (Favorite color is Red). From there, there are four different classes.
[b]Classes[/b]
[list]
 [*]Archer - Light, ranged troops. Beginner weapons are Longbow, Dagger, Crossbow, and Javelin (with optional sheild)
 [*]Man at Arms - Light, fast troops with low armor. Beginner weapons are Sword, Axe, Mace, and Quarter Staff. (Can also dodge)
 [*]Vanguard - Heavy armored troops with increadable damage and reach, beginner weapons are Greatsword, Poleaxe, Spear, and Hammer. (Can perform a charge attack)
 [*]Knight - Tank character with increadable armor, but slow moving. Beginner weapons are Bastard sword, Greataxe, Hammer, and Flail.
[/list]

So I hopped in as an archer, and immediately regretted my decision. Team deathmatch is almost squadbased, with groups of 3 or 4 charging at once, and everyone seems to have a general hatred towards archers. So, I died. A lot. Eventually I switched to a Man at Arms with the beginner shortsword. The speed was amazing, and I managed my first kill before dying. The game appeared ruthless to me, with wave after wave of enemies ready to stab me in the back - or throw something into my lower-dick area. But it was fun, decapitating the few I could. By the end game, I had 5 kills and 13 deaths - but the five I killed were well worth it.

[b]Levels 1-15[/b]

Game after game, I was killed. Repetitavely. But, I got better. Learned how to be more aware of my situation. Learned the different swings, and when to block/kick. By the time I was level ten, I could hold my own - and had even won a few 1v4 fights. My friends then got the game on sale - and let me tell you, when your friends are playing, the fun increases exponentially. Between level ten and fifteen I had my best games, including my very best being 43 kills and 3 deaths (Holy Shit). And the best part, I was progressing. I unlocked equipment, weapons. I learned when to use specific classes. I memorized the maps and knew my strategy. I went from absolutely terrible to a force to be reckoned with.

[b]Levels 15 and on[/b]
I just reached level 16. But it's far from over. I have many more weapons I want to unlock, and many more kills I wish to obtain. I do like this game, a lot. Even the deadliest warrior portion - though it is significantly more buggy.

[h1]Pros and Cons[/h1]
[b]Cons[/b]
[list]
 [*] Price - At $21.99 CAD, the price is a little steep. I'm glad my buddies got it on sale for $8.00
 [*] Hit boxes - They are getting better, but they're not great. Sometimes you get clipped for seemingly no reason at all.
 [*] Game stuttering - even surpassing the recommended requirements by a mile, I still get stuttering.
[/list]
[b]Pros[/b]
[list]
 [*] Hours of Fun - The game is awesome. A great community and many different playstyles
 [*] Visuals - It's very pretty to look at, and ALMOST feels like real battle
 [*] Gamemodes - Versitile game modes, including TDM, FFA, Team objective, and Duel
[/list]

[h1]General Ratings[/h1]

Visuals - 8/10
Combat - 6/10
Control Response - 8/10
Community - 8/10
Gameplay - 9/10
This is not a game. It's more than a game. It's a pure test of your virility. It puts more hair on your chest than drinking olive oil from the bottle or being on the bottom while having sex on ashvalt.

Why haven't you bought it yet? Are you mentally enfeebled? It's been on sale for like $6.50, twice. I bet you're the kind of person who screendrags with a Zweihander or sits on the bridge with a shortbow getting two kills per game. This is a sport, and if you're a rookie you're going to die hard. Prepare to be impaled by that level 50 guy who has played 400 hours on nothing but spear and literally cannot be hit. 

Forget your K/D. You're going to get Philip K/Dicked. You're the Man in the High Castle and your teammates would rather bum around on the ballista than save your noob @ss. Do you think training up your longbow skills is going to help you survive? Yarnu has built an entire Youtube channel around running behind enemy lines and shanking archers. That guy has a server named after him. You can't even block with a bow equipped. Get into the frontlines and take your medicine. 

And one day you'll pick up a Javelin, start getting a few cheap headshots and feel like you've finally found your calling, you've discovered the niche in the game that nobody else can fully counter, that actually feels like fun. And then a bloke in red and green with a joker symbol on his shield is going to run up to your wimpy buckler and cave your head in because you never realised that shield bash was actually useful for something. Cambridge realised that ages ago. Back to the drawing board, peasant.
I once switched to my fists when going over the tree bridge in that one map and an enemy on the other side of the bridge switched to fists as well.

I taunted, he taunted back. 
Instant respect for eachother.
We have an epic battle on the middle of the bridge.
Allies and enemies saw us fighting with our fists on the fallen tree like men.
I won the first battle with low health. 
Another enemy with fists equipped runs over the bridge and replaces my honourable foe.
I ran back, and another ally quickly took my place with fisticuffs at the ready.
I saw my fellow Masons grouping up on one end of the bridge, sheathing their weapons, and putting up their dukes. 
I look over to see the Agathians are doing the same on the other side of the tree bridge.
I realize that I just started something amazingly beautiful.
Everyone on both teams charge across the fallen tree at the same time with fisticuffs, letting out their battle-cries.

It was short-lived though when an ally charged with their zweihander and began spamming LMB.
I almost cried as I stood at the edge of the cliff and watched men from both Agathians and Masons fall from the tree bridge and get swept away by the river down below. The kill feed overflowing with the death this one person caused from his flurry of horizontal swings.
I typed into the chat: "Why?"
I turned around to see an ally with a horrible pink outline around his armor standing behind me.
He looked me dead in the eye... before kicking me into the river.
A single tear fell.

10/10 would start fisticuff battle again.
I bought it for 5 euros at a Steam sale, wasnt expecting much. Just bought it because I love hack and slash games and this one seemed a bit fun. First thing you'll notice when you start playing is the amazing voice acting. Its not just amazing its hilarious as well. Everyone is screaming and it just drags you in. 
Lots of people play it, there are plenty of servers and game modes. 
I'd recommend it to anyone who likes hack n slash games and also wants to have a good time.
Laughing guaranteed 100%
Chopped someone's head off with a sword, was quite pleased.
Caused someones head to exlode with a mace, had a slight orgasm.
Chopped two peoples heads off in one swing, then subsequently kicked a man off a cliff, laughed like a small child.

10/10, would decapitate again.

NOTE: Despite this game now being almost 4 years old, it still has a very lively community, so come on in and take some heads with us why don't you?!?
Coolest "WAAAAARGH" simulator. Too bad balance is off, due to the devs refusing to fix some nasty bugs/exploits. And it's pretty old, so expect to face no-lifers with 1000+ hrs to decimate you on sight.
Worth every penny. Each time my swords decapitates someone is a personal victory.
I just wish it wasn't so addictive...

This game has a relatively easy learning curve, first few hours will be hard as war always is, in a few weeks you might just grasp the basics to survive.
In a few months you might begin to take pleasure in violent actions and blood, blood everywhere, as a word of advice: try not to get too greedy.
And always seek to fight bigger, stronger foes than you as your path to greatness will be faster, easier and better in the long run.
Oh boy. Time to review this shitshow of a game myself. So, let me just say, I have about 510 hours sunken into the game, recently got level 40 and let me just say... This, is not a good game. It is addictive, not good. Now, there are, of course, countless reviews telling you WHY this is not a good game, but it does have it's upsides, which is why I am still playing, after 500 hours. It is almost impossible to put into words, but let me try.

So, first off, we have the most important point. Torn Banner has totally abandoned this game. Mirage: Arcane Warfare, their other IP, is dead as dirt. It had 3 players worldwide when I checked. But for some reason, Torn Banner have abandoned Chivalry, their only successful title.

Secondly, we have weapon balance. Slow, and fast weapons, more damage for the former, less damage for the latter, along with a few minor features. Sounds fair, right? Factor in the fact that, due to a dragging system that does not understand momentum, an EXTREMELY essential part of melee combat, that these slow weapons can be swung faster than the lightest weapons in the game. Still sound fair to you? The meta is the Messer, or Zweihander, both being 3 hit kills on the Knight, the heaviest unit in the game. While there are a couple well balanced weapons in the game, there are not many.

Third, the spine breaking ducks and drags you can make. Basically, due to the hitboxes of the playermodels, dragging, parrying, everything, a Knight or Vanguard with any weapon can crouch, look up, and not only block 360 degrees around him, but also attack. It is an ungodly shitshow of absolute slaughter that defies the very laws of the game, and good luck trying to tell anyone doing it that it is an unpatched exploit to the game's engine, because...

Four. The community is toxic. Anyone above level 40 has their head so far up their own arse, they can no longer take oxygen into their lungs. (Ripped that joke off from JonTron.) So, expect a Knight who killed you while you were behind him to spam the laugh voiceline in game, and spam "ez" or "lol" in chat. Also, teabagging, because who does not like that? Yeah.

I probably missed a few points/contradicted myself/left stuff out, but to summarise... Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is not a good game. It is an infuriating, poorly designed, horribly balanced mess... But God damn, it is the ONLY thing of it's type that exists, to my knowledge, and after playing it, every other system of melee combat in a game will just seem lackluster. However, at this point in time, I advise you look up a game called Mordhau. Mordhau is poised to bring some life back to the community, and purge a few of the glaring issues with the game. But, honestly, I have to say yes, I would recommend this game, but not to anyone who gets annoyed easily, because this game and the people who play it will drive you insane and haunt your fucking dreams.
Look at my played hours. I did start up as a mere peasant trying to figure out the keys for each strike. I was so bad. just SO F****** BAD. But i could see the potential of this game. I raged a lot. I was t-bagged, insulted, kicked out of servers for teamkills i didnt even noticed i made. But one death at a time, i grew stronger. Learning from your mistakes is essential in this type of game and what you consider a ''mistake'' with one enemy might be the the exact weakness of another. You have to adapt. Do not play your opponent's game, make him play yours. Force him to get out of his comfort zone by making him face something he's never faced before. F*** up his timings and combos, be unpredictable. 

Also, it takes time to get REALLY used to any weapon at all as they all require different footwork and range so the learning curve is pretty steep. But it's well worth it. I play this game since it came out. I've seen ballerinas arise from the dark and become a plague for this otherwise well balanced game. But I saw it as another opportunity to adapt and get better. There is nothing in this game that is unbeatable. No strategy and no one. Give it time, learn from your mistakes and adapt to your  opponent. 

This game still makes me rage a lot, but the moments of glory when I kill a dozen enemies in a single life and I start to see people think twice before engaging a fight with me, or even run away from me, make up big time for it.  

I've seen a lot of posts taking about how bad the Chiv community is. I totally disagree. Sure, there are some cocky heads who will treat you like shit when you fuck up, but you find that in every game. I even consider the chivalry community as a ''brotherhood'' where people play and laugh together. I see people t-bagging me as a sign of respect after a good fight, cuz I just know it's what they think. If an a**hole starts to teamkill every ally on sight, a vote will inevitably arise within seconds to kick this person out. 

To conclude, do not let others bring your morale and motivation down through insults or t-bagging; we ALL sucked and were  harraced in such ways at some point. Fight your way through this and you will be reworded with fun, glory, new friends and a really awesome and unique game. Do not hesitate to ask for help or tips as many pro players will be very happy to give you a hand, me included. We want the community to get bigger and EVERYONE, good or bad, is welcome. You will be bad until the day you are not. And that day you will tell yourself '' I'm so glad i listened to FLAIL '' 

I Hope to see you on the battlefield! You will recognize me rapidly as i'm pretty much the only one using the Flail as main... But you won't like it.
Really fun game, however, once you get to level 15 (which doesn't take very long) you'll meet players who exploit the games glitches and nuances to pull off impossible moves, thus making it unplayable. Still, loved what little game time I got out of it and would recommend.
Chivalry ! The combined forces of a great gameplay, simple and yet in depth, of medieval melee combat, and of the humor of the voice overs, equal the best game in the genre. 
Great community ( most of my friendlist is related to Chiv ). 

Can't get enough of it, thanks Tom Banner !
RO: Jocul este bazat 99% pe multiplayer, iar restul de 1% este un tutorial, care este introductiv (e si normal). Chivalry este un joc din ramura celor de actiune, poate fi comparat cu Call of Duty, doar ca actiunea are loc in evul mediu. Pe langa faptul ca are un mod Deathmatch, jocul ofera si alte moduri, cum ar fi Team Objective (unde, in functie de echipa, aveti niste obiective de indeplinit), Duel (unde puteti provoca alti jucatori la duel 1v1), s.a.m.d. Eu unul consider ca jocul mai trebuie lucrat, dar de cand a fost lansat, a primit updates si inca mai primeste, fapt care dovedeste ca dezvoltatorii sunt interesati in ducerea jocului cat mai departe. Este putin cam dificil, dar odata ce ai jucat cateva dueluri sau meciuri, vei invata cum merge mecanica jocului. Recomand sa-l cumparati, cu sau fara oferta, merita !

EN: The game is based 99% on multiplayer, and the other 1% is the tutorial, which is just an introduction to the game. Chivalry is an action game, you can compare it with Call of Duty, the action takes place in medieval eve. Despite it has an Deathmatch mode, the game offers other modes as well, like Team Objective (where you and you team have some objectives to accomplish), Duel (where you can play 1v1 with other players), etc. I consider that the game can be updated and polished, but it has evolved a lot since it first launched. It recieved updates and the developers are still into the game. It's a bit difficult, but if you play some duels and matches, you'll learn the mechanics of the game. I recommend you buy it, with or without a sale, it's worth the buy !
To those who's thumbs are down turned; Chivalry is a challenge. You can attribute "bugs" as the natural defects which occur in all life. Understand that the difficulty you feel so immovable to push - instead should be pulled. Chivalry is literally a transparent window into the heart and mind of to those willing to better themselves. Not just in the proficiency with which you extract the final breath of your respected challenge you find before you on the pitch. 
Remember that Chivalry isn't about the numbers or hours invested, but the experience you personally feel as an individual.

It truly saddens me to see those turned away from this high level of creation the Banner Torn has bestowed. 
If these words still have your attention I simple ask you to humble yourself amid this world. We always look for what's worse to come - I'm personally blessed on behalf of my Skirmishers of the Moor_p - for having known Chivalry and Torn Banner to add such a momentous point in my life. 

This game has truly assisted in my betterment as an individual. Not simply within its own - but in the Home-Front Game we're all forced to play. 

--------first review below---------
Oct 2013 sometime:

Really awesome game indeed!
Its only going to get better.
The people who say bad things are the ones who didn't stick to it long enough to learn. 
It can have a learning curve to it but its well worth it to learn. 
GREAT GREAT Audio/ingame voices.
Review about Play Styles of Asia Countries

1. South Korea

Most Korean players are 3rd person perspective view. 95% Korean players don't use feints because they think feints is a cheat, but they like to spam reversed attacks with a 3rd person perspective view. If someone uses feints on Korean player, the Korean player will cry. Also high rank Korean players like to be on the same team, It isn't hard to see when the Chivalry free weekend happens. Agatha has 10 30+ rank players and Mason's highest rank player is 20s rank. Also, when high rank players get killed by a noob even though it's just a coincidence, They think the noob is a smurf even they killed many more. And I can say Chivalry community is dead in South Korea. Korea has most clans in Asia but all inactive now. Only few Korean players are playing Chivarly these days, but almost every players play only duels in duelyard and few players go China or Japan servers to play team games. Also, they chat too fkin much. (Most chats are not about Chivalry game plays, but sh-it-ta-lks)

2. Japan

99% Japanese players are the 3rd person perspective view. Their average rank is 55, They play feints and often gamble. 3p footworks than parrying. They open a team play server at dinner time and many Japanese players play in there. They don't chat much. When I'm playing in Japanese server, I feel like I'm playing Chivalry Medieval Warfare and other players are playing game "[url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/362490/Exanima/] Examina	[/url]". I often open a server has only First Person Perspective view and Compmod. When Japanese players come over my server, most of them just disconnect or play in with different timid styles than Japanese server. They have 2 clans, but both are inactive now.

3. China

Most Chinese players are 3rd person perspective view and like to spam reversed attack with Zweihander or Messer. Most of them doesn't play feints like Korean players. They have team play servers and duel servers. But internet connection to China from foreign region is too awful, I get high packet loss. Even playing in NA West is better. Most Chinese players started this game late, so their skill is lower than other countries. Will there be a chance for them to be best in Asia? Yes, maybe like 15 years later. Their Team play server has bad balances like Korean server. All 40 + ranks like to stick in the same team and never care about balance. Their 40+ ranks have no skill. They are better than newbies, but it's not skill differences. It's just differences of experiences. It means they are stuck at the certain level, keep playing unbalanced games, spamming 3p reversed attacks.

4. Taiwan

They don't play feints and they play in foreign servers because they don't have their own server. That's all I know.

5. Philippine

I met only few Filipino players but they play feints and 1st person perspective view. But they are too far from South Korea so didn't play much with them.

5. Other South East Asia

There are many countries in South East but I don't know the countries of players I met and didn't play with them much due to high ping. One day, 3 arrogant players thought they were the best in Asia and then came to Korean duel server, got rekted like 1-10 kill and did rage quit, went to Chinese server and said "Korean sucks".
Old game but still a very nice game to play. I do recommend you buy it on sale because the player base has dwindled but there are still some dedicated players.
I never got any good at it, but even just running around trying my best, while talking shite using the voice commands, is hilarious. I know this isn't much of a review, but I really like this game :P
I remember when the idea of physically swinging a sword at an enemy in a realistic fashion and lopping off limbs with ease were the things of fairy tales and imagination. (being oft employed in long sessions of D&D) A time when pretending to be a knight fighting for the Holy Land in enormous all-out siege battles was only to be scoffed at and kicked aside. Well, NO MORE! This game, aside from some old familiar feeling as the game began life as a mod on the source engine, is completely fresh and new from the other games that I have played. The supreme drive in this game, powering you through the game is the satisfying sound of cleaving through flesh so as to rip off limbs as well as the addictive competitiveness of "being the best in all the kingdom" at swordplay… or other tools of death if you're a Lordless heathen.
I believe the best description of the community can be summarized as this: I was playing through a normal match of team objective and as I left the spawn room, I saw two of my teammates fistfighting. One was lambasting the other about disgracing his mother's fine name while the other fought, in return, for the honor of his son's name. This was yelled out in public chat for all to hear. Our entire team eventually gathered and stood around to watch them in their "precarious duel". Our other teammates we're joining in the rally too by betting on who the winner would be and heckling both of them. It was a rollicking good time! Once the other team had met us on the battlefield, they all simply dropped their weapons and watched us as we watched the parley they had with each other, mucking about and not playing the game as was intended at all. It was glorious! 
A ranking system is present in the game to match players based on skill and to also give you something to aspire to and earn during your time in the game. I have many-a-memory of the times during a free-for-all, or even team-oriented gamemodes, that I would corner an enemy and our slog, one-hit-after-another, would drain us of all our energy, hitting and blocking. Eventually someone might've come along and killed us on the spot but it is actually quite common that, if your fight be especially epic, people would just stand aside and watch. This mainly occurs when people are having "A gentleman's duel" using fists rather than weapons to show the wretch what it means to be a good Christian! The archers, which, believe me, are present in the game, can be simultaneously annoying and some of the best fun you'll have, depending on who's doing the shooting and what side you're on. There is a wide array of weapons at the player's disposal to use at their leisure. Anything from crossbows, claymores, and double-handed barbarian axes to arrow type, smoke bombs, fire bombs, and you even get to choose which type of shield to use according to your playstyle. There are even throwing weapons like javelins and hatchets. Even the oft ignored weapon in games, flails, make an appearance, TWICE! As a regular flail and a heavy variation. You may also customize your knight's appearance but here's where it falters for me a bit. There is no lack of variation. In fact, there's tons of it. That's not the problem. It's that it's all paid DLC that must be bought in order to acquire the cosmetics. While, for the game's price point and overall fun, this is understandable and, to be honest, a bit expected, it is still regrettable that the plague of cosmetic DLC has had to infect this game too. Overall, I'd say that this game, with friends, is some of the best fun you'll have. In addition, when alone, it is an exemplary choice for showing a test of skill on the battlefield… if you're using melee weapons like a good boi, that is, hehe.
Great game with in-depth combat styles compared to other games of the same genre. Only issue of the game is the gaming community, they will abuse any glitch or use macros to win a fight. Good luck finding a good lobby to play in
First person medieval combat that is somewhere between arcade and simulator gameplay. Can be hilarious and incredibly fun or deathly frustrating depending on how much time you are willing to invest. 

Premise: You are a medieval soldier - a knight, vanguard, man-at-arms or archer. You fight against another team of players in various objective based rounds. 

Reality: The combat mechanics are, as you might expect the defining part of this game. The character models are able to bend at the hip 360 degrees which makes for some spectacularly ridiculous sword fights among more experienced players (matrix bullet dodge anyone?). However I am not sold on the developer's claim that this is some kind of intentional "deep combat" system. It seems more to me like an accidental exploit that was discovered by players and has evolved into the fighting system the game now claims as it's own.
Once you grasp the basic mechanics of dodging with the mouse and timing the swings of your weapon and blocks correctly, the game is absolutely a lot of fun and particularly the team based games can be a blast. Some of the objectives include getting a battering ram to the castle gates; repelling a siege on your walls complete with hot oil and ladders you can push off the wall while people are climbing up them; attacking a beach from longboats and rescuing npcs from being burned at the stake(!). There is also a hilarious and brilliantly delivered voice emote/taunt system that you can use to communicate with your own and the opposite team ("Oh my it seems the peasants have taken up arms!" "Is that armour or a dress?") 

Conclusion: 
The combat mechanics are a divisive issue. I personally didn't find it too hard to get to grips with the basics, but once you reach the level where players are purposely glitching their weapons and delaying their attacks by spinning around it becomes overwhelming and a little bit ridiculous. The most ridiculous thing I have ever seen was a character with a spear who jumped up in the air and did a 540 degree spin before bending over backwards at the waist and thrusting his spear, one handed into someone's head while still in mid-air. It was one of the funniest things I have ever seen in the game but also destroyed the illusion for me that the combat system was "in depth" or realistic in any way. 

If you have the time to invest to learn the basics and don't mind dying a lot while you are learning, the reward can be some truly spectacular medieval battles with people running around on fire screaming, arrows flying through the air, swords grinding together and catapults shooting boulders over your head as you duel with an enemy. Lots of fun until you are stabbed in the head by someone whose sword appears to be pointing the other way!
Endless hours of fun, even better with friends. 
The devs deserve your money though I would suggest waiting for a sale, they often sell it for less than a few bucks, which is more than worth the money, it's a steal.
The game is wild, people get mad, lots of ragequits and blood, not much real chivalry here, be different, be nice, come to

[h1]SneakyMonkeys[/h1] 

[i]Join the community, find your family[/i].

[spoiler]Unpaid add.[/spoiler]

Totally recommend,
Marie.
i need to get few more hours on the game before i start this review but this game is actually my first ever steam game that i bought on this account and i just want to say that's a lot to say. This game is one of the games that actaully makes medivial combat stratigic, funny, and serious in the same time. Not only you can actually find people playing this in 2019. And i bought the game in 2012
As a superior siege engine, I love this game, it has exceeded all my expectations. I understand that trebuchets would be way too overpowered to be in this game, and I agree. I have enjoyed the 67 minutes I have played so far, thoroughly. I hope you as well enjoy it. (my opinion matters because i can launch 90kg projectiles, 300 feet.) Edit: I found a trebuchets on one of the maps. Yayyyy!!!
join a game, think to yourself, oh shit yeah this is fun, then get kicked because my ping was 190? thats why this game is dying, need more ociana players
Hello, Chivalry community! 

I am Sphynx990, started to play this game since the beginning of its development. I wrote my third guide on how to perform the double jump in the game, to have fun with friends and people, make this game more interesting and funny to play. But, I got a ban from the "official admins", which handle chivalry servers. They were quite rude to me, asked me to remove my guide. Since I didn't do anything bad, I said no. I was protecting my player's rights in the game. Today developers removed my Chivalry guide and banned my account. It's not a vac ban, because for my almost 1000 hours I didn't play with cheats. 


So, the moral of this case is that people from TornBanner, instead of developing the game, making new content and optimizing it, they just block the content from mature players. I am very disappointed about this case. The admins of the official servers are very bossy and rude people. I can provide the chat if you need, actually, it was in my guide as well. 

It will be great if you guys will support me because I was defending the right of our small community. Today it's me, tomorrow it's you. By the way, the guy who send the report to devs and who gave me a ban changed his avatar and nickname. I think it shows a lot of things about him. 

05/27/2018: The official team of developers or moderators denied the appeal. Think twice when you do something wrong in this game, even if you and your friends and community find it normal. TornBanner has its own rules and ideas on how to develop and run the game. Today, I removed this game from my library. I don't want to connect my life with its devs and battles anymore.
Chivalry...where do I start?

When I first heard about the game in late 2012, I knew I'd be hooked. Unfortunately, my computer couldn't run it at the time. Flash forward to when I had a new computer come  May/June of 2013, and I was having the time of my life! Foolhardy, yet visceral combat, amazing voiceovers, and the most in-depth melee combat I had ever seen at the time...it was remarkable. The combat was very in-depth, yet nobody was quite above anyone else at the time. Timing and footing was everything.  My goal as a player at the time was to reach level twenty, and unlock all veteran helmets for each of the four classes. (Keep in mind that there was zero customization at this point in time, apart from switching from default to veteran helmets, which didn't work half of the time)

Come July, I had slaved a hundred hours or more to unlock the four helmets. I couldn't have felt more proud of myself. Then in the next two or so months, they added proper character customization, and snazzy shiny helmets as well. It was amazing to see different colors on the battlefield rather than the old red and blue. I can remember the first time seeing a level 50 player with a golden helmet. A vanguard walking ever so slowly towards me, as if to initiate a duel. I felt pumped, knowing that this battle would be drawn out as I see what endurance and good footing this foe has to-

...d-did....did he just kill me by landing an overhead while not even looking at me?

That must be some glitch that people might've just discovered. I'm sure they'll patch it out soon. Besides, the Deadliest Warrior expansion is coming out soon! (Circa October 2013)  So I played the expansion for a couple months, until I got bored and returned to the original game come 2014. I was sure that the glitch the gold-helmet vanguard used had been since patched, so I dove right in... 

...only to see the reverse overheads, extreme dragging/acceleration, and spinning again, with it becoming more frequently used through the year. 

Keep in mind that despite me starting to play the game more than five years ago and having ~1,200 hours, I'm nowhere near a master at the game. A slightly below average novice at best. The way I learned how to play has rendered me too rigid to change. Newer players coming in either take up the new drag/spin tactics, or give up much sooner than they would have a year prior. You may just say that I'd need to "get gud" and such, and indeed I tried, time and time again. While I could use *some* forms of dragging/acceleration, everything else was and still is alien to me. 

But alas, I kept playing, increasingly less frequent due to finding more new games to occupy my attention. I'd find myself revisiting Chivalry time and time again. But every time, there was less drive for me. I could feel myself become more jaded with every gap between when I played. I began seeing many more level 50+ players. Then the first level 60's started popping up.  The exploits become the way of the game, anyone trying to learn the old ways and play the game as they learned in the tutorial would be obliterated, and my skill continued to be stagnant.

Weeks of not playing the game turned into months, only playing for about a week before uninstalling the game again. Come late 2016, I had had enough. The long bouts of radio silence from the developers regarding Chivalry ever since Mirage was announced made me lose faith in them doing anything to fix things on their own. The skill gap growing as large as the Grand Canyon made me lose faith in anyone new coming to the game staying any longer than it takes to level out of the low rank servers. The toxicity of the countless level 50+ & 60+ (and sometimes even higher) players shunning those who were a lot more vocal in their complaints than me, and were totally complicit with the current state of the broken combat made me lose faith in the community. By the end of the year, I would begin my longest gap in playing, around seven or eight months.

Over the course of 2017 and 2018, I'd occasionally reinstall Chivalry to give it another try...
But it was all the same. Same jaded experience, same good as mute developers, same unforgiving community. I no longer had the same strength to witstand it all. Singular weeks of having the game installed and playing it turned to days. Days turned to hours. Hours turned to minutes.

And as I write this, I just finished my most recent bout of my lingering addiction for Medieval Carnage. My lowest amount of playtime yet. Barely even an hour. Now, I have truly given up.

As I wait for Mordhau, which I have followed the developent of since it was simply called "Slasher" and considered a tech demo, I can't help but look back at Chivalry with a mixture of emotions. Maybe it's why I've been coming back for more for all these years. Yearning for a new first-person-slasher, and returning to this game since it is the only one that can scratch my itch for melee combat.  I feel excited for Mordhau, being hit with waves of nostalgia from 2012 and 2013 during the golden age of Chivalry.  I hate to see the game in the state that it's in, and having a spiritual successor inevitably seal its fate. But at the same time, I'm happy to see a new game in the niche first-person-slasher genre arise with features Chivalry players only could have dreampt of.  I'm angry at the developers leaving their game in the shape it is in now, but at the same time I'm glad that they made it in the first place. I hope history does not repeat itself with Mordhau; Well... it's negative points in history, anyways.

And now...with concurrent players barely reaching 500 on a good day, no sign of any developer feedback, and exploting charlatans having surpassed rank 80 in some cases...

I believe it is time for the old, tired, and battered warrior known as Chivalry to die a quiet, peaceful death. It may be the way of the warrior to die in battle, amidst conflict and suffering; But this game's history has shown it has seen well enough of it already. A soft end is well deserved.

After more than half a decade of fun, fighting, and folley... 

I bid thee farewell, old friend Chivalry: Medieval Warfare.
 Rest well. Rest proud.
[h1]Honest Review[/h1]

For a long time, Chivalry was my [u]main[/u] game. It was one of the reasons I got Steam in the first place.

In the beggining, it was awesome. There were a few bugs and crashes and what-not but nothing overwhelming that caused me not want to play it. Every now and again there would be an update that would add this map or fix this bug, etc. 

As you can tell, I have [b]alot[/b] of time put into this game. I know every map, every bug, every exploit, everything about this game.

[i][b]So why am I not reccommending this game, despite all the fun I had with it?[/b][/i]
[list]
    [*]The same pesky little bugs are still not fixed. Some of these have been with the game since launch.
    [*]Developers apparently do not care about these bugs. 
    [*]Every week or two there's a new "update" which in reality is another wave of skins and paid cosmetic items. In these "updates" there are no bug fixes or gameplay improvements. AT ALL. (OK, maybe there are some, BUT!) Whenever there IS a bugfix it's something they fucked up with the previous update, or they just fix 100 things you would never think about, thus things that don't really affect your experience. Always ignoring the big old bugs.
    [*]Optimization is still a load of bull. Especially new maps.
    [*]This game can't handle alot of players at the same time, so if you go into those massive 40+ player servers with epic battles, you will see how everyone has at least 150-200 ping, even though the ping-o-meter says they're fine.
    [*]Nowadays most players have very high rank, so new people have absolutely no way to evolve and be able to enjoy the game unless they become highly dedicated to this game.
    [*]All high rank players know the animation exploits a.k.a. "Dragging", which makes it almost impossible and incredibly difficult for a newbie to stand any chance. (Many believe that dragging is intentionally put in by the developers, and it might just be so, but the mechanic still unbalances the game for new people. Drag in competitive all you want, but it destroys the game when constantly used in regular play.)
    [*]Game often crashes.
    [*]Due to the high amount of ranked players, Free for Alls have become a joke, where high-ranks simply ignore eachother and pursue anyone who's not as good as them. Literally teaming against the noobs, because dragging amongst themselves is simply too much work. And when there are no noobs in the match, everyone just looks at eachother doing nothing and spamming "COME HITHER" or just chatting with the in-game voices, and if anyone dares to try to kill someone, that someone is utterly raped to death until they leave the game.
    [*]They removed the first-person death mechanic. Before when someone chopped your head off you would still view the world from your head, now it just goes to third person. Which is utterly boring.
    [*]Deadliest Warrior. Yes that DLC is a con itself. Why? Because that game has better training than Medieval Warfare ever did. Goes to show you how, if presented with money and a brand, these devs will go out to make things actually good, but ignore their own game's flaws in the process.
    [*]The game's community is very toxic, speak the wrong thing or attack the server's favourite and get kicked, admins have no problem in kicking you if your lag spikes for one second or if you best them in combat. And complaining about exploits or bugs is seen as weak and noobish.
    [*]There have been several cases of censorship in the forums. People end up getting banned from posting because they criticized the game. Shows you what kind of people you're dealing with.
    [*]If you're trying to adress a problem with the game, this community will ridicule you and belittle you in any way they can.
  
[i][b]But you must be thinking, it can't be ALL bad, right?[/b][/i]

Correct, the game isn't just bad game development and milking players for cosmetic items the devs would never have the talent to make. (At least the artists who created them get a small share of it all) There are good things in it aswell.

[list]
    [*]If you're [b]extremely[/b] lucky you will actually find a balanced match that is fun to play and has good teamwork.
    [*]The in-game voice mechanics are still fun to use.
    [*]Rarely you will find a player that doesn't know how to drag, and that way you can have a nice, competitive duel that flows well since no exploits are being used.
    [*]Playing with friends is fun. - Let me emphasize that a bit more. If you are planning on getting this game to play with friends, then you should get it. If you're going solo, think twice.
    [*]You CAN meet nice people, not 100% of the community are hateful mongrels, and I have met good people through this game which I still talk to to this day. But don't expect a great much from the community in general.
Sadly, when you scale the good and the bad, the bad wins. By a longshot.
This game used to be alot more fun, back when it was young, now it's a husk. A joke... a joke only surpassed by the dev's obvious ignorance to the game itself.

Buy it if you want but right now you'll have more fun playing with bots than online. And that's just depressing.

As soon as you reach level 15 and you get banned from the low-rank servers uninstall the game.
This game could be good, but apparently the developers and community have agreed upon the premise that in a medieval first person hand-to-hand combat game, the best way to kill your opponent is to make your character spin a 180, face the other direction, crouch, lean back at a 90 degree angle doing a ludicrious back-bend, then crab walk backwards towards you and somehow magically hit you with the backside of their huge poleaxe.  

I mean, it's just stupid, really.  People spinning in circles in an indescribably ludicrous fashion leaving you feeling nonplussed while they brag non-stop in chat about their "skills".   It's just fucking stupid.

***** EDIT 2017***** 
    If you look in the comments section of this review you’ll get ample evidence of just how toxic and childish this game community is.  Comments vary from “get gud” and “mad cos bad” to “you didn’t learn how to play.”  

I did actually give this game my best effort-  I received one on one training from very skilled players teaching me all the tricks of the trade- everything from mastering the timing of blocks and feints to learning how to do the “moves” which are more like exploits.  I did play the game over 50 hours after all.  In the end I was not half bad at the game.  Kills against your average player were fairly consistent.  I just didn’t think having learned how to exploit a game with several broken game mechanics made me good at anything.  I didnt think that using a flawed system to gain an advantage gave me any sort of satisfaction knowing that it wasn’t my skill which predicated my success- because make no mistake, there is no skill in this game.   It’s simply a bunch of immature trolls and children who exploit a busted game so they can get some sort of ego boost from talking shit in chat, or on peoples reviews.  The devs have come right out and said they think the way everyone has exploited the game is brilliant and makes it better.   

If you’re a reasonable adult who likes a more balanced and serious minded game you probably won’t enjoy this.  If you’re like 12 and just got done playing call of duty on your Xbox while your mom did your laundry this might be right up your alley.
This game is fantastic. Its beautiful, the combat mechanics are fantastic with a lot of depth, and the community is probably the best out of any game I've played.. There is ONE problem. The playerbase is split into two main factions. The super experienced and the blatently unexperienced. While in many games the matchmaking tries to balance ranks and pair players with others at their level.. This game helps you out when you're new by giving low rank servers to choose from.. The problem is many of the players on these servers are highly experienced, playing on alternate accounts for the sake of slaughtering newbies. Then, once you're level 15 (Still very inexperienced) you're not even allowed to play on these servers anymore, forcing you to play with people who typically have hundreds of hours on gametime on you.. In a game that has such a depth to the combat, its almost impossible to even compete in many situations, finding your best attacks are easially countered, dispite the amount of research and practice you did. I love the hell out of this game, I really wanted to like it, and really enjoyed the time I had.. But after a while, getting massacred over and over again isn't fun.  Getting matched against blatently unbalanced teams isn't fun... If there was real matchmaking involved, this game would be 100x better, but until then I really wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't enjoy being a human knife block.
Reviewing Chivalry will not be an easy task, so make yourself comfortable while I attempt to give as legible a testimony as possible. I warn you that this is going to be a long read.

Chivalry as a standalone product was released in September 2012, five years after its' initial debut. It had been known beforehand as "Age of Chivalry" - one of many Half Life 2 mods. Being officially accepted into the Steam market must have been an incredible experience for the developers, which really shows in the early builds of the game. The tutorial is one of the only things that remain untouched since the release, and I could really feel the enthusiasm. It's easily one of the best tutorials I've ever seen. The voice acting is phenomenal and the early maps look & play perfectly. The level of immersion was unreal, and I've yet to see anyone come close. I'd go as far as saying that the first few weeks one of the best experiences in my entire gaming career. Everyone was amazed at the fact that the combat system played so well, and that it actually worked in an [b]online environment with up to 32 players.[/b] The developers' enthusiasm carried on to make a few important patches, as well as new weapons. Unfortunately, however, all good things must come to an end.

At some point, Torn Banner decided to completely redo the hitbox system, into what is now known as the "bubble". They decided to fix something that wasn't broken - the hit detection. A crucial selling point of the game. Everyone opposed the change, everyone still hates it to this day, but the new system remains. You wouldn't think that changing cubic to spherical would make that much of a difference, but it did. Things were so bad that the developers decided to implement [b]FAKE DISTANCE[/b] between the players, in a game that's very much about spacing. I can't help but compare this move governments subsidizing things that don't work. Fake distance, multiplied by your ping, means that if an enemy is moving away from you, you cannot hit them with fists or daggers, and short weapons are worse in general. Longer weapons are completely unaffected. 

The next decision was to make the claymore (the sword in the game's logo) stronger. Everyone preferred the slower, more damaging weapons to the faster but weaker claymore. Despite being one of the longest weapons in the game, they also made it one of the fastest, while still being able to kill anyone in 4 hits. This instantly promoted it from slightly below average to a game-breaking absurdity, and votekicked on sight. I'm sure Torn Banner will patch this.

Next up: customization. A very neat idea and executed quite well. One tiny little problem - both red and blue teams can wear a black uniform, they look almost identical. Are they going to patch it?

Somewhere around this time, Vanguards (the class with the longest weapons) became glitched, because their charge attack catapulted them forwards at least three times the distance, as if they had a jetpack. These rocket Vanguards were funny at first, though they did lose their charm after a month or two. When they finally fixed the issue, it turned out that the patch broke the audio, the graphics and toggle sprint. This took another few weeks to revert back to normal.

Introduction of microtransaction hats. Great! More revenue means more patches, right?

Introduction of microtransaction weapon reskins. Guys, can you fix the claymore?

Introduction of microtransatction character reskins. Guys? 

Introduction of even more hats... I think I've seen this happen before.


In the meantime, people had discovered a bunch of exploits. Instantly striking with gigantic, slow weapons, feinting without any stamina cost, shrinking their hitbox to the size of a football or just about anything you can think of that defies both physics and proper game design. Most of the community have enough decency not to use the claymore (they don't want to be votekicked), but by now they've figured out what works best. As a result, you see very few of the 40+ weapons ingame.
This was the rise of incredibly arrogant "pro" players, who are on a mission to have the highest K/D ratio possible, and throwing tantrums if they take any team damage. It is enough to google "what's the best sword" or "how to glitch through blocks", and turn Chivalry into a game of lucky hit, because no honest man can defend against that in an online environment. These players can be overwhelmed due to their lack of fundamentals, but it just isn't worth it. At this point, the fun has been completely sucked out of the game.

You may have also heard about a game called Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior. A flawless concept, and the beta was tons of fun... only it remained a beta forever. It was released as DLC for 20$ and abandoned by the devs, because they couldn't get the netcode to work.


I find myself wondering what happened to this once fantastic, once indie game studio, and how they drove a perfectly good game into the ground, as well as failing to deliver such a promising sequel. 
Hopefully, Torn Banner will attempt to improve the situation, but we all know that's not going to happen. Maybe a competent modder will do all the heavy lifting for them (for free). 

You may see me ingame every now and then, but it's more for sentimental value than anything else. The new maps and other content is nice, but I'd much rather have 2012 Chivalry again.
There was a time where I could really recommend this game 100%. But not anymore. 

As time has passed more people got good at the game resulting in a lot of higher ranked players.
Now you might think that that's a good thing. Well no, in this community it isn't.

Instead of good players playing against each other you have 90% of highranks (45+) playing in team objective servers and rank stacking on the same team (usually attack side). So basically instead of having balanced fun matches most high ranked players purposefully join the team with more highranks which ends up in very unbalanced teams and an almost guaranteed win for the stacked team. 
You really only need to look at the rank distribution at the start of a match and you can predict which team wins with 99% certainty.

Not only is it unfair for the players on the other team but it makes matches just overall very boring. As someone who reached rank 50 I either join the stack and will not be challenged at all (imagine a pro soccer player playing against a 5 year old) or I join the other team and stand no chance at all.

It has been like this for quite a while but it's reached it's peak lately where you really have to search hard for a server where this doesn't happen every match. Sometimes I don't find such a server and end up not playing at all because of it.

The game has a lot of little flaws but in my opinion it's the community who in the end really ruins it. They call it a skill-based game but there is no skill involved in unbalancing teams as much as possible and winning without effort. In fact a lot of people who think that they are particularly good only think so because they simply stack all the time.

The only way to enjoy this game nowadays is if you like to play in a clan. If you are into that I can recommend it even though I'm not a huge fan of clans. Otherwise you can only join the stacking or lose nearly every match if you don't. I dont enjoy either of it and therefor this review.
>joins team game
>team continually kills me in spawn
>"can you guys please stop killing me"
>"FUCK OFF CUNT YOU'RE LEVEL 5 GET GUD"
>whole server votes to ban me

Great community.
This game is so much fun at first in the level 1-15 servers.
The combat feels amazing and you really feel like you're swinging around pounds of solid steel when you attack with swords and the brutality of injury system goes along with the realistic-feeling weight so well. Archery (though hated by other players) feels like you're truly hurling arrows at 150 feet per second, and it's oh-so-satisfying when you nail a headshot.
Whenever you died, it was usually your fault for doing something like charging into a large group of enemies by yourself like an idiot, or making a wrong move in a duel like attacking too late or blocking too early thus leaving yourself vulnerable-- all things that made sense and things that you could fix with enough practice. Over time, you'd eventually get more comfortable with the mechanics become better at the game and really get a feel for the rhythm of how to properly fight. There was nothing more gratifying than having a fair fight in these early stages of the game and winning with your own cunning and skill.

This, however completely changes once you hit level 16.

At level 16 you're kicked out of the level 1-15 servers and are tossed into the world of what people like to call the "ballerinas." You see, Chivalry has these glitches with the hitbox detection and movement speed that were NEVER fixed. I myself noticed both kinds of glitches rarely on my 1 through 15 journey and it let me score some lucky kills, but what the rest of the (incredibly toxic!) community did was figure out how to replicate these glitches so much so that it became the meta to use them in combat.
Let me explain: when you swing a weapon in Chivalry, your mouse control slows down to a fixed turn rate during the swing so that you can't helicopter your sword around like some kind of medieval fidget spinner. It kept the game grounded and realistic with trying to simulate how it really feels to swing around something that's really heavy. What the glitch would do was it would remove that turn rate limit and turn you and your weapon into a swinging and spinning mess of damage. This glitch, combined with maxed out mouse sensitivity would make it basically impossibly to block this. Combat went from a game of skill and tactics to overcome the enemy to this mess of combatants seeing who can spin the fastest, blocking attacks and dealing damage at impossible angles because of the broken hitbox detection.

As a fresh 16, this ballerina-fest was very disheartening, but I eventually decided to learn how to use these glitches to my own advantage so that I could stand a chance against the ballerinas, but that's basically what ruined the game for me.
All the grittiness and the realism found in the first 15 levels of the Chivalry was replaced by the ridiculous ballerina meta, making your heavy warhammer that would take a man his life to train to be able to just hold it (let alone use it in combat), as light as a feather and able to be spun around at mach speed.

This is not the same game that the YouTube legends such as TotalBiscuit (Rest in Peace), Criken, and Yogscast made videos about all those years ago. It has become a hollow shell with now dying server populations and a broken meta. It's just not fun anymore, and as such, I can not recommend this game.
This game used to be fun, then the cheaters and griefers arrived.

It is no longer a contest of skill, but rather a clash of glitches and exploits.

To top it of, the community is toxis as all hell. You'll get kicked for having 120ping. You'll get kicked for telling people to stop with the racist remarks.
You'll get kicked for calling out explointers and glitchers.

Overall, a fun game that was ruined by its playerbase, and the inability from the developer to fix the exploits.
I really enjoy Chivalry, it's a unique experience and it offers some good moments. I can't recommend it to anyone however, since the devs abandoned this project a long time ago and left Chivalry in a sorry state where broken mechanics is the meta. The player count is very low and there are a lot of smurfs and long-time veterans that make playing even in the low ranking servers frustrating. The learning curve is massive, it takes a while to learn how to use a weapon archetype correctly, but it won't matter since you're bound to die by archers that can drain half your heath with one arrow, broken one-kit-kill weapons or someone crouching repeatedly and spamming daggers and hatchets. Chivalry could've been a great, polished game if the devs stuck with the project. I don't recommend picking this game up at all, even on sale. It's not worth anyone's money.
It's fun until you reach level 16, in which 20 different people spinning around in circles at mach 10 cut your dick off by leaning backwards while flying at you and calling you bad at the game for not also turning into a sexually confused ballerina.
I admit it; I have spent way, WAY more time on this game than I should have.  It has its upsides, but the downsides are many, and considerable.

First, the positive.  The Team Objective maps (the original ones at least, especially Stones Hill and Dark Forest) are nice.  The fact that it's not about your K/D score makes these maps fun.  In fact, the original TO maps are the only reason I played for so long, there were just that good.  The character customization is good and there's a fair bit of variety to be had (for a price...).  Finally, the ability to hack limbs and heads off of people and to slaughter peasants is always rather cathartic.

Unfortunately, none of that can hide the fact that this game has some serious, serious flaws.  The maps have places were people can get stuck, sometimes permanently and only the F10 "Suicide" key can get you out.  You always dont just bounce off of objects either, you are completely stopped.  This is fine for things like walls and trees and the like, but things like small boulders that you'd think you'd just run over do this as well.  It is very annoying to be charging at an enemy and all of a sudden get stopped by a knee-high log or something.

The mechanics are what absolutely destroys this game.   You raise your weapon or shield to properly block (looking at the point of the weapon, just like they say in the tutorial) and, somehow, you get hit anyways.  Nothing is more frustrating than to raise your tower shield and somehow get hit.  Mostly this is because the hit boxes are not very accurate, with some being disproportionately large and others smaller.  Many times I've seen or had weapons go through a person's model and no damage be recorded.  Worse are those that exploit the swing mechanics, that spin and bend and look for all the world they are going through a seizure.

Scenario balancing is also something that is very wonky.  Some, like Battlefield or Stones Hill, are very well balanced or at most slightly weighted to attacker or defender and doesn't impact the experience.  Others though, like Coldfront, are so dramatically skewed that it's almost unwinnable on one side.  On Coldfront, for instance, I have only seen the defenders win a total of three times in all the hours I've played.

Support is almost totally non-existant.  For every patch that Torn Banner puts out, virtually none of them have addressed the major flaws.  They have also stopped development on the game and focused on purely tweaking minor details.  I liken it to putting a band aid on a cut finger while ignoring the sucking chest wound.  

Pricing is another matter.  This game is just not worth the $25 they ask for.  Now that being said, Chiv features prominently on Midweek Madness sales and the big Mid-Summer and -Winter sales for as low as $5, which is a perfect price for this game (and at which price I bought it during 2014's Mid-Summer sale). That being said, if you want to have access to some of the helmet variants as well as new weapon models, you have to pay for all of that.  Sometimes those models are as expensive or even more than the game itself when it's on sale.

Finally, the community is one of the worst I have ever encountered.  Trolls, hackers, and scrubs inhabit every single server of Chiv, and it's nearly enough to make you try and track down the offenders in order to give them the throat punch they so justly deserve.  It's enough that it makes the worst offenders on Team Fortress 2 look like little angels.  Yes, that's how bad it is.

At one time I did enjoy this game.  At one time, I could have recommended this game.  I now find I can't do either.
If you intend to play this game with anyone other than your buds you might as well just not buy this game.

Why? Because multiplayer is absolute CANCER no matter how you slice it.

Yes, there are servers for low levels, but there are so many people smurfing that it doesnt matter. There will always be 3-4 people at the top of the server leaderboards that have 3-10x the kills of anybody else. Some people are genuinely really good, but most people that still play have 1000 hours or more in the game and despite having massive egos and experience they win by pulling stupid dogshit cheese that takes no skill at their level and is out of a newbie's understanding. This is why nobody new is playing.

What am I talking about exactly? Let's say you like to fight light on your feet, and you like the speed advantage that the Man At Arms offers. You're dueling a knight as a new player, and you manage to get in four or five hits with a norse sword without getting hit. Which is quite a feat considering that the knight has his sensitivity maxed and his sword is always slicing through the air just barely outside your body. You only need a couple more swings or thrusts to finish the kill. This is your 15th time dueling this knight and you've come unusually far, gotten to know how he fights, maybe gotten a little lucky this round. You go all out, doing your best to duck and parry around the knight's stupid half-attempted swings. Two more spins are coming and you backpedal the first, parry the second perfectly but the knight drags the sword backwards throughout the entire parry and swings forward at the very last second killing you instantly for the 15th time.

I hate to break it to you guys but you can't actually swing a sword like that in real life. This mechanic is fucking broken horseshit because as long as the melee weapon is slow enough that it can be dragged it renders parrying- an essential mechanic- completely useless.

Despite the loss you duel again, get him down to low hp, feint, make sure you swing first as you go in and you still eat a backswing or reverse overhead to the face out of nowheresville, going from 100 to 0 hp instantly. You realize the knight literally can kill you at any time and is simply horsing around as he decapitates your dead body for the 16th time in a row and laughs, "HAH, im almost trying!" How does this make you feel as a new player? No matter what you do, your quick little sword or dagger is somehow still slower to attack than the massive messer. Even if you know about drags and accels yours are still used in a subpar fashion. The fact that accelerating speed increases damage is realistic I guess but all it means is yet another disadvantage for new players. No matter what swings they manage to land they are doing less damage, period. People that have played this game since it came out know how to get hitboxes inside you while doing maximum damage, rendering anything you do utterly pointless. Why even fight someone if I'm gonna get quadruple feinted and decapitated by one swing that my opponent didn't even have to think to perform?

The answer: you dont. Because there's no reason to even try. Not to mention trying to fight archers when all you want to do is swordfight. Smh.

Overall this game is neither fun nor rewarding because of toxic multiplayer gameplay.
 
I'd give it at best a 4.5 out of 10 for that reason but playing with friends the game is much better, like 8/10
People abusing game mechanics to kill eachother. No skills at all require. Just know how to abuse the mechanics and you will always win. If you love medieval fighting games please do yourself a favor and get mount and blade warband.
When you first join this game it's amazing, some of the best fun I've ever had. Then after very few days you reach rank 15 and can't join low rank servers anymore. Suddenly you are stuck with servers populated by people who use expoits to insta kill you without you standing any chance to defeat them. All the fun is gone suddenly, none of the crazy and fun situations emerge anymore. Everyone just glitches and exploits around the game and newcomers get stomped. You basically play a different game that was never advertised and is extemely far from those beginning hours.

It's a shame really, this game would be amazing if people didn't exploit the games mechanics to cheat kills. Sadly, nobody does that and you can either become one of the cheaters or stop playing because [b]playing as the game was intended is absolutely not an option anymore after rank 15.[/b]

People in the rather toxic community will tell you that this is how the game was intended to be played but [b]that's a lie.[/b] The developer never intended people to start a swing, then turn around 180°, crouch and crab walk backwards towards you while looking up so the swing magically hits you behind your shield all while their body bends as if they just got hit by a car and got completely deformed. I'm not making this up the expoits in this game are just ridiculous and it's pretty obvious from your first hours playing the game where you actually swing your sword at opponents, bash them with your shield, block etc. like in a real medieval fight that these are exploits and not how the game was meant to be played.

The developers have given up on fixing the game and only add paid cosmetics now in patches so don't expect this sitation to ever improve.

You will reach rank 15 within about 20 hrs of playing the game. If these very amazing first hours that will never come back afterwards are worth 5$ to you then maybe pick it up in a sale but again, you will be left with a feeling of emptyness when you realize the game you fell in love with will never come back once you passed these first hours.
This is a fun game untill you get to level 15 and it kicks you out of the starter servers, then you play with absolute cancer. Basicaly you end up fighting people who spin in circles on max sensitivity and swing, or turn away from you, crouch and look up while doing a downward swing, so that the swing that normaly starts at the top is now morphing its way through the ground to one hit you. It's not hard to do good in this, it's just not fun at all.

Oh yeah and if you want to customize other than switching colors around or one free hat per class, you are going have to take out your wallet. The animations are rigid with arms that apear farther back from the screen than they should be. Graphics in this game are meh. One last thing is that the servers in this game suck and the multiplayer suffers from lag spikes.
The charm and potential that was hitherto squandered can finally be abandoned.

The game is broken beyond comprehension, and the community is among the worst in existence. Stay far away, and rejoice that you may do so. A vastly superior game will be released next year, by an infinitely more competent company.
Fantastic game. Great gameplay, fun environments, clever implementation and loads of active servers worldwide.

The community, however, is hidiously close knitted and vile to any new players. I was kicked from multiple servers for asking questions, which of course left me salty, but I kept trying and only had incredibly rude and crude responses continued with further random kicking just upon arrival of completely new servers.

If you can find a private server with enough decent people, hop onboard even though it is an older title. However quite frankly if you, like me, cant deal with rude grumpy kids then keep moving.
Almost 50 hours isn't much, but enough to make a proper judgement. So, let's go.

I love the game. It really is fantastic. I love the weapons, the classes, the objectives, the tension, the duels, etc. Ok, if I love all these aspects, why do I not recommend this game? Let me tell you why.

Reason 1 :

No such thing as fair-play in this game. Yes, I get it. It's a teams game. But there's a significant difference between team playing and ganging up on someone. (Really, 5 VS 1 isn't fun at all. And it happens constantly).

Reason 2 :

Animation exploits. I've read about it in other negative reviews and thought to myself "Hey, it can't be that bad."  Well, sadly. It is that bad. High-ranked and experienced players have mastered this exploit, which makes it impossible for a new player to even stand a chance against them in a fight. This leads new players to quickly abandon the game an uninstall it. Which in the end, destroys the game as a whole, since no new players arrive. I myself, have encountered such exploiters and couldn't even land a hit on them, which resulted in me dying in a single hit. Apparently this has been an issue for a long while, and yet the developers have done nothing about it. How to recognize an exploiter? If you see a character flying and spinning around like a balerrina with a giant sword or a giant hammer and then you die for no apparent reason, then you know you've encountered an exploiter.

Reason 3 :

The game's community. Oh dear lord. I've played many multiplayer games and never before have I encountered such a toxic community. You literally can't say a word during a match. Say the wrong thing or attack the server's favorite player and you get kicked. Defeat the best player in a fight, and immediately a vote for kicking you appears on your screen. Furthermore, try pointing out or adressing a problem with the game's mechanics, you will be either ignored or laughed at. Complaining about / pointing out obvious exploits of the game's flawed animations will result in calling you a noob, a whiny pussy or a crying little fag.

That's it. That's the three major issues with the game. Don't get me wrong. Sometims you get lucky and find a decent match and then you can have plenty of fun. But most of the time, like really, most of the time, you encounter people which I have described above.
Got the game pretty much right after the release and loved it so much. Then people slowly figured out those accelerated no-animation hits and mad 2 hander swings. This was the moment when the game lost it's charm completely, cuz there's no fun either playing against exploiters or joining the party and usings those exploits to gain unfair advantage over the opponents. Came back 1 year later after I picked Deadliest Warrior DLC on sale just to realize how the game became infested with those exploiters. Also amazing how devs refused to even try to adress those issues and announced them as part of the game legitimate mechanics (!).  Dead game to me and I recommend to avoid it unless you gain pleasure from being humiliated by exploiters.
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is an extremely fun game with interesting mechanics that give it a great longevity. It is very fun to play.




For about 9 hours(ish).

Chivalry unfortunately is a game that doesn't get better with age. Rather, it ages like milk. After 9 hours of brutal slaughter and decapitations you will begin to enter the game's seamy underbelly.
This is due to their two different server types: Beginner and Advanced.
Beginner is where you will spend the first 9 or so hours in Chivalry, playing with those under level 15. Matches in these servers are incredibly fun to play, with everyone at an even level allows for fun, fair - albeit gratuitous- fights.
This part of the game I loved, playing nearly daily to get my fill of medieval mediation.
But then we level up, become a big boy, and the gates to beginner servers close.
Due to this you have no choice but to play in the advanced servers, but this seems fair right? I mean, isn't it good that there is a separation in skill levels?
True, but as you begin your first tentative steps into advanced matches, you'll notice that the game you loved so much is just a little bit different. That fiery girl you fell in love with turned out to be no girl at all; in fact, as she undresses before your eyes you realise, she's a tumour.
And a pretty bad tumour at that, poor thing.
What I mean to say, through poor analogies, that the advanced section of the game is unmoderated garbage.
Hey, did you enjoy intricate duels where you used the mechanics to simulate a real fight?
Not any more, now it's a lot easier: majority of players seem to instead  prefer exploiting the game's mechanics by switching to third-person and violently moving there mouse in various directions to break the physics and strike with moves that are near-impossible to defend from.
And if you love that notion, then I'm sure that knowing that (at least in my personal experience) about 1 in every 3 players has some kind of cheats or hacks enabled will come as an absolute treat.
This wouldn't be a huge issue, if the devs did anything about it, such as enforcing better anti-cheat policies, or even setting up moderated servers specifically for those who want actual battles.
But in the meantime we just have to make do with a cancerous community and a broken game.

So yeah, with the state that Chivalry: Medieval Warfare is in, I just can't reccommend it.
Which sucks, because under that pile of broken garbage lies a genuinely fun game.
I could semi-reccommmend picking it up in a sale, just so you can play the early servers; or just create another steam account once you reach level 15, whatever helps you sleep at night.

Alternatively you could sit pretty until the devs decide to change some things up.
But to be honest, I kind of doubt that much - if anything - will change in the game, I doubt the devs are gonna put much more time into it.
But hey, could be wrong, hopefully I am.

So pick Chivalry up if you want some limited fun, or if you're into broken games.
Or save your money for a rainy day, or Mafia III, or whatever.
<3
Best game ever. 100% fun. Can't get tired of it.

That is, IF TORN BANNER (the devs) FINALLY DECIDES TO FIX THE BLOODY SPINNING GLITCHY ATTACKS (the reverse overheads, rainbows and silly things like that).

No medieval swordsman ever 360° spinned attack while crouching. Unless he wanted to die quickly.

I will pass my review in a "I recommend" status as soon as it gets fixed.

But man I love this game, and it kills me to see that it is still not properly fixed.
TLDR: Good game, ruined by exploiting players, buy if you want something that'll last you about a week of non-stop play but not much more

I love Chiv. It's a great game. But it's only good for so long. 
See, the thing is, there's an enforced ranking system. The only servers on which rank actually matters on are the 0-15 servers, everything else is 'any'. Once you get past level 15, you're not allowed on the low-rank server (which are the most populous servers, coincidentally) and are forced to play on the 'any' servers. 
I mean no disrespect to Torn Banner, but the only people who regularly play Chiv to the point of gitting gud are exploiters. Not hackers, exploiters. The engine that handles the swordplay is highly abusable. Crouching and staring at the sky allows you to instantly throw an overhand swing. The same goes for crouching and staring at the ground. There are many more that're worth listing, but this review is already dragging on.
It's a hell of a lot of fun while it lasts. Fair fights feel like you're actually there, actually in the boots of your character, actually swinging your actual sword.
After ranking up, it feels like a game of 'who can break the engine faster'. I don't like that game.
After all these years, reaching level 54, I cannot recommend the game. I have 500+ hours on this, and all I can think of is remembering the good times. I hate this game so much because I used to love it to the point it became my most played game for almost one year. I'm gonna tell you why you should avoid this game that has become deteriorated over time (and has become less valuable than it was at release):

The good times, that was when this game didn't have regular crashes (it had none in fact). Now it crashes EVERY FIRST TIME you join the game, you Alt+F4 and then you have to again load the game. THEN it's very likely the server you wanted to join is full. You have to wait. Then it's possible that it crashes at the character screen etc... It's also possible to simply crash mid-game. I once had over 16 crashes while waiting for the server list to load. This never happened at the start.

Secondly, the networking is riddled with problems. It's laggy, choppy and after a certain amount of players it's going to skip registrations of animations, hits and more. Even on 32 player server this happens from time to time. I can live with it occasionally but now it happens so frequently, most servers crash like every 30mins.

Thirdly, bugs, bugs and bugs. In the level design, in the combat, in the animations and the graphics. It's unbelievable how many collision problems there are in the game. The parrying is completely inconsistent, you can even block attacks coming from the back where there is no shielding whatsoever. Catapults disappear, send you to other realms, dragging is imprecise and in general the abuse of the animation movement that can happen at any time is just ridiculous.

I don't want to spend much effort into the XP as it's just a gimmick, but it's funny to see how they fixed THAT particular thing that offers nothing new in the gameplay experience at all.

I haven't talked about the spawnbug, but it happens... ALL the time. Players don't spawn anymore from one team and the Pings start to skyrocket. The only way is for an admin to force win or mapvote. This has been happening so many times and it's still, not, fixed, after ALL the updates in the mean time.

One of the most terrible things in Chiv is the chase system where you gain over 4 times as much speed as your opponent you're chasing to prevent endless cat and mouse. However, it's SO fast it's literally baffling. I have literally seen admins KICK players because they thought they were speedhacking, while they were simply being speed up by the game... Unbelievable. You sometimes see an enemy well out of range that faces you from the FRONT, and OFTEN (not sometimes, not occasionally, but very OFTEN) the game just dupes like always and SPEEDS HIM UP. IN FRONT OF YOU. WTF. This problem has been known forever, never fixed so far.

Lastly, the performance. The performance is (except for LODS) inexistant. The larger the new community maps become, the worse the performance. One big bubble of rendering all mashed together and hoping for the best.... It's what makes battle sometimes impossible. I'm running a rig that should run Chiv with ease. Crysis 1 runs almost twice as good as chiv. On top of that, the game has become a product for DLC. I appreciate the community made content and the extra stuff, and I WAS glad to support chivalry, but these updates from the last months are nothing but updates to milk out of the game. Literally, I saw update reasons listed that represented fixes for most of the maps, and NOTHING was changed. It was coördinated with the release of new DLC coupled with free weekend to make sure they could get as much as possible, without fixing any of the massively gamebreaking bugs.

The way I see it, the image of TornBanner I had when I watched their videos at the start of release and when I followed before release, it was amazing. I felt as if TornBanner was one of the rarer companies who really cared about the player base and what we wanted. I was so happy at one point that community made content would arise and would reward everyone, but I would never have though the game would still be slumbering in day-1 problems in addition to the extra problems added with each and every update. It's breaking, it's collapsing under the chaos in their code, and each new adaption just kills the game more. I thought I could go through it, but essentially, this is the line. THIS version of Chiv, I cannot recommend.

Rewind time 1 year and a half back, and we will meet again. As it stands now, move onto more optimised games that offer you a reliable experience without crashes, go to games that when you enter the game, at least you know what's going to happen. Not like in Chiv now.
i just picked this game up a few weeks ago although i owned it for a lot longer.

the first 15 ranks were the most fun hours i ever had in such a game. it was fun dismembering others and being dismembered. no one knew what he was doing nor were there any pros doing strange stuff with their weapons.

after rank 15 you cannot enter those low-rank servers anymore and have to put up with people doing absolutely insane attacks. stuff like overhead strikes while at the same time turning 180° and looking up to hit you on the other side at the beginning of the motion.
people using very slow weapons and exploiting their attackanimations so that attacks hit super fast or even SLOWER to throw of your timing at parrying.
pierceattacks somehow executed that you are being hit even behind your raised shield.

just look at some guides for rainbowstrikes and other "advanced attacks" and you will quickly understand what i mean.

not only do these strikes look super stupid but they are very hard to block and more important, learn how to fight against dudes doing such things as their charactermodel just twerks and twitches around like on drugs and you can't make up if they are actually attacking or just searching their dropped contact-lenses.

community is pretty toxic, serverpopulation is low and you will encounter the same pro guys over and over again on any server being stomped. it's to expensive for what it is now AND one thing that really bothers me.

teams are agatha (blue) vs mason order (red), yet people can customize their chars to be yellow, black, green or whatever. it's almost impossible to tell if he's on your team or the enemies just by the looks. you HAVE TO put your crosshair over them to see if it's an actual enemy or not. even more stupid, their nameplates are displayed on the bottom of the screen once you aim at them. this doesn't really help much at distinguishing teams.

save your time, don't start this game as if you want to have fun, you will have to go through the chore of learning all these twitched and stupid advanced attack patterns to stand a chance past rank 15 (which is achieved pretty fast).

get mirage or mordhau or any other game instead.
This game has a really solid game engine and great performance in the original maps (terrible in the new maps). The feel of melee combat is awesome, with great sounds and fantastic animations. It looks great and plays great.

The reason I don't recommend this is that when you get to a high enough skill level, the gameplay drops to a level of absurdity that involves confusing the game engine by contorting your character's body in all sorts of ways that are impossible in real life, to cause the side of your weapon's hitbox to collide with back of the enemy's exposed hitbox. I.e. turning your character 180 degrees while cutting straight down (or stabbing forward) with a very long two handed weapon, trying to make the flat of the blade (not the edge or tip) touch your opponent's back at the last second of the swing. Your character being off-balance and stumbling forward gives you a great range advantage when you can spin on your heels with the mouse to guide the already finished strike (but still active hitbox) into your enemy. This is just one of the styles to guide a vertical strike of any kind for a hit, and there are many other awkward and unnatural ways to make contact and kite with different weapons at top level play.

I'd recommend this game for casuals since its fun when its casual vs casual, but then those casuals end up having to face the pros on the same server and don't have a prayer because of the abnormal weapon styles.

The devs missed the mark with this one by a small margin, and hopefully a sequel to this game might be able to improve on some of the failures from the ground up with new code.
100 ping?  Vote kicked.

Accidentally behead a teammate who doesn't wear team colors?  Vote kicked.

Level 50s expect you to be as good as they are after 30 mins...?

TL;DR
Toxic community & hackers.
This is a game I would have rated much higher, had I stopped playing after outranking the low rank (level 1-15) servers. As a kickstarter backer, I liked almost everything about it. The melee combat felt good, the sound design and graphics were great considering the game's age. It was my go-to game for stress relief and most people would agree that there is something relaxing about chopping some heads or limbs off from time to time. The only thing that I disliked was its toxic community, yes Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has one of the worst communities you can find in a video game.

I've had read some reviews in the past about people abandoning the game after level 15 and my assumption was that skilled players overwhelm the high rank servers. My assumptions proved to be correct, but the thing is I do enjoy games where more skilled players have a clear advantage over the so called "noobs" and if the game is enjoyable enough, it only motivates me to get better. The main problem with Chivalry is not the fact that low rank players are "owned" by players with hundreds of hours of gameplay time. The problem is what you need to learn in order to play better....

As soon as I landed on the high rank servers (the game doesn't let you join low rank ones when you reach level 16), I started seeing other players doing moves that I had never seen before, basically butchering some other players. My initial thought was to learn how to do those same combat moves. I checked some youtube videos and that's when the game was instantly killed for me. Over the time, players found hit box and movement glitches which -if you use them well- either cannot be blocked or give you a clear advantage. It still does require skill to exploit those glitches, but unfortunately the very existence thereof killed all the immersion and enjoyment I get from Chivalry. If you want to know what I'm talking about, just search keywords such as "reverse overhead", "rainbow", "dragging". It is a shame really, designing a game with obvious glitches and not fixing them, because there is a player base enjoying their time from the exploitation of such glitches. It is a shame, because Chivalry would otherwise be a great game, for what it is.

[b]6/10[/b]

Haven't played this game in half a year, but I have to speak up lest some poor sap get suckered in during the sale.

Chivalry was incredibly fun two years ago before all the exploits in the system were discovered, but they quickly became the metagame once they were mastered. Instantaneous overheads, feinting at no stamina cost, the ridiculous range of mouse dragging, all of this contributed to the game in its current (read: current as of half a year ago when I last gave it a chance) state. If running around in circles making noncommittal dives at someone until finally making a timid landing while moving erratically with your mouse is an experience you feel is worth five dollars, go for it. But be sure to avoid sticky papers and bright lights leading to zappers, because you're probably a house fly if that appeals to you.
This game is a ton of fun with friends, and a ton of fun until you reach level 15 and get booted off the noob servers and get thrown into this broken game where everybody has 700+ hours into it and they kill you with frame one attacks by facing the opposite direction, looking up, and vertical attacking for a true combo from any other attack for an instant kill. I did some research on the forums and the devs are ok with this because it "would be boring without it" and they "need to apeal to the competative side." This is absolute bull sh*t, and just a lazy excuse to not fix the game, I get it, this game is old now and I just bought it when it was on sale, but these posts where the devs were saying this was back in 2013 around the time when the game first came out. If you buy it, buy it on sale, and only play until level 15 because the game is filled with cave trolls that haven't seen the sun since the game released.
It was good in 2013-2014.
But since 2015 many have begun to use methods to manipulate the swinging system. (reverse overheads, aka rainbows ; literally spins to do accelerated drags which make absolutely no sense in any way, and so on.) Some moves (drags) make some sense, and don't look like someone is literally just dancing with a messer, between 3 people, decapidating each one of them, with one move, while abusing the stupid animations.

I didn't want this game to be fully realistic, but some semi-realistic aspects and some fixes for this poorly designes system would've been welcomed. But, it was too late. They now moved on their next game, and will probably abandoned this one soon.

Like one once said:

Game style: Not F2P, not P2W, but S2W

Spin to Win.   180/360

Edit: for those who want another game that has the potential of crushing chivalry, should check Mordhau. Please do. You will not regret that.

Edit 2: I got to play Mordhau, and trust me, it's eons above and beyond Chivalry. Looks great, plays great. The devs said the release is going to be around Q1 2019. Can't wait for others to play it too!
Chivalry has (had?) fantastic combat mechanics, excellent controls, and near endless potential for skill development, but it suffers from huge fundamental flaws that prevent it from reaching its true potential as a competitive game. 

Torn Banner studios are a lousy developer that completely abandoned the extremely dedicated pro/comp. scene and now only update the game to add cosmetic skins that tend to either destroy the once tight visual aesthetic of the game, or create issues with readability that detract from the overall experience. They also continue to ignore the myriad of existing bugs and half baked systems that desperately need to be polished further to avoid the game feeling/looking ridiculously clunky and unappealing.

It also has one of the most polarized in-game communities that I have ever experienced. Due to how easy it is to abuse the votekick system, you will unquestionably get votekicked from servers for any feasible reason under the sun, as well as have to deal with a lot of spiteful players who will make your experience completely miserable, purely because they dislike your playstyle or your use of certain techniques that they've banned in their own personal rulebooks. 

4 years on from release and I honestly can't recommend this game to anyone. The VAST majority of new players will not survive amongst the dregs of the existing playerbase purely because of how unlikely it is to find a veteran player who will teach you the neccessary advanced techniques that will allow you to hold your own against the rest of the community. Even more unlikely than that is finding a sparring partner around your own skill level who'll duel with you for the HUNDREDS of hours you'll need to dedicate if you want to actually perfect all of those techniques. 

Chivalry was an amazing game in its prime, and I think many who played it obsessively held on and kept playing long after those days were over, maybe with some kind of desperate, naive hope that the game might actually improve instead of degrade further and further into the state it's in now. If you're genuinely interested in Chivalry and you're contemplating buying it this late into its lifespan, then I'd recommend instead searching up some montages on Youtube (I reccommend "Moonriser" by Spook) and save your god damn money. There's nothing here for you now.
The terms you'll need to learn after level 15: dragging, rainbow (reverse overhead), feint/block combo.

Before level 15, it was about timing and thinking ahead of your oppenent. After 15: there will be a player who is blocking 5 guys in a circle stabbing/clubbing/over-head striking him. He will be spinning in a circle and bending inside-out (and not using a shield). He won't die, even though those 5 other players blocked him in and are attacking the space the player occupies. Then he'll start swinging a 2 handed sword, and never stop swinging. I don't know if the dev team likes how people abuse the animation/stamina glitches. Either they can't fix them, or, they are leaving them intentionally.

Oh, having your weapon glitch through someone and deal no damage is perfectly normal in this game. Also, when you know your weapon is out of range and you hit your oppenent anyway, perfectly normal too.

Bought during a free weekend. Less than 3 days playing/owning: 4 hackers (2 speed, 1 flier, and 1 god mode), multiple scripters (dodge/block 5 mintue combo), even met a lag-switcher.

tl:dr - A game that could have been the definitive medieval combat simulator, trips on explotation of combat mechanics and hackers. If you are looking for immersion in Medieval Warfare, pass. Spinning, jump-spin, spastic movements and "laugh/taunt" spamming will kill it. You want a hack-in-slash, anything to win game, "guys, look at my over-headed swing the glitches through my legs if I look at the floor" game? Buy it yesterday.

Oh, and Steam achievements aren't working for me either.
After rank 15 this game becomes unplayable. People use exploits and glitches to benefit themselves to the point where it feels like a totally different game. The devs have basically left the game and care nothing about fixing these problems. Maybe if they did something about it, the playerbase wouldn't be dying. 

Don't get me wrong, this game is very fun in low rank servers, because you will never find people that crouch, look up, do a 180 and swing up into your face, making blocking useless. I have had alot of fun for about 24 hours of this game until I reached rank 15, now I have quit and will probably not play it again unless they fix the exploits or glitches.
I really like this game, but I can't recommend it. The combat mechanics are totally broken, and pro players will own you with weird moves like swinging a sword over their heads and hitting you while going backwards. Hitting someone at the start of a swing shouldn't do any damage, and a real knight would never expose his back like that, but since you can turn as fast as you can move the mouse, it doesn't matter. It's so unrealistic and really kills the immersion. I don't understand why the devs never patched that, I guess they find it "fun" or a completely valid technique. So after lvl 15 you have to either learn to do those tricks or die in frustration until you decide to uninstall. 

Another thing I really hate is the fact that some players wear special skins with a different color than red or blue, and it takes a bit more time to identify them as enemies. Friendly fire is always on, so you can't just attack everyone you see, and in the middle of a battle you can't hesitate.

It's a shame, the game has a good variety of weapons and the matches are really fun with a full server, but its gameplay is broken.
The game is dying at a rapid pace. I don't expect it to be alive by 2017. With Mordhau coming soon I'd wait for that. This game is a beast of it's own but the glory days are behind it; the community it is left with is nothing short of terrible. The developers only add skins now and don't care for the game. Exploits in this game don't get patched anymore. Just wait for Mordhau honestly.
Update: The game is pretty much dead at this point, very few players online. Don't bother buying it.

Chivalry is actually really enjoyable when you first start playing. After a certain point, however, you realize that the game is broken beyond reason. When you pass level 15, you are no longer able to play in low level servers. It means you'll be stuck with 1500 hour tryhards who utilize from every possible broken mechanic, glitch, bug and exploit in the game to dominate you. Apparently, instead of fixing their game, the developers have decided to "include" everything broken in their game as part of its "core mechanics". Because they are too busy developing another equally broken sequel/spin-off. They are still updating the game regularly, however, the patches usually contain community made cosmetic skins, which are sold by real money. Not much bugfixing, not the most important stuff.

What's worse is that the game has one of the most toxic communities I have ever seen. Whenever you try to point out the game's flaws, you are mocked. You are insulted. They tell you to "git gud" at exploiting or stop playing. You are teamkilled by cancerous trolls that never gets votekicked, and in retaliation, start a votekick against you and usually succeed.

Newer players realize these problems and stop playing the game sooner or later. So, the servers are full of these glitchw***ing "experts" who competes in their own p*ssing contest about who exploits the best. Since the game doesn't give you a "casual player" space, you'll be stuck in this mess until your growing mental illness prevents you from gaming, or you die of cancer.

If you buy this game, there are only 2 outcomes:
1. You'll hate its guts and regret paying even a single dollar for it. You'll most likely uninstall it and never look back.
2. You'll bite and become a glitchmongering cancerous ballerina yourself. You will look down on every reasonable person who realize that this game is a broken, pathetic piece of human feces. You will masturbate on other people's misery.
[h1] Did not pass the time test [/h1]
    First of all, this review describes the current state of the game, as it will never come back to its launch state. I would like to say, that I really loved this game, as I love the medieval period and history at the same time. Finally, I think it was the first straight melee oriented FPS with a deep depth of gameplay mechanics. Besides Chivalry 1, we were excited to dive into this medieval madness. It is worth mentioning that Chivalry was really great and had something attractive in it, despite even numerous bugs and poor optimization. So let us take a closer look at this product. 
[h1] What was actually good in Chivalry [/h1]
[b] Design. [/b] That is something. Knights, man-at-arms archers looked really authentic, moreover, two factions had a totally different units design. It was quite easy to define friend or foe and these European helms made you think that you ended up right into battle. Finally, weapons looked really brutal and dangerous, which made you think how barbaric and violent old melee combat was, unlike these fantasy giant diamond swords. 
[b] Maps. [/b] How to organize the crowd of angry players? Give them objective and they will at least try to play as a team. This was something, it was not a usual deathmatch or free-for-all, the point is that the map was divided into stages and one team had to defend and other had to complete a specific objective in order to proceed. The goals were different like pushing a ram, burn granaries or kill the king. It added an organization to a game and a structure. I still think that this is one of the best game modes and should be in every game. 
[b] Combat. [/b] I would have said that it is hard to learn – hard to master. In Chivalry you were evolving over time. So you learned new tricks, tried to outsmart your enemies and even studied their technics. Yes, it included exploiting the game engine, but I really like it as a part of the mastering process. In the end, you were able to kill new players with bare hands. Player was able to feel like a real master swordsman. Of course, violence and blood are included. 
[b] Sound and voice acting. [/b] Screams, shouts, jokes, and medieval music. Imagine a picture, where 15 players are charging and screaming, this was a precious time. Finally a joke from the game: “Your sword looks a little short, you know what I mean?”
[h1] What could possibly go wrong? [/h1]
    I understand that games become old and will be abandoned in the end, but Chivalry could stay longer on the market. Sadly all pluses turned to be minutes in the game. 
    [b] Design. [/b] With the addition of paid skins and collaboration items, it appeared that it was really hard for new players to define enemies. As there were red, gold, brown, black, pink colors added to a game. Tons of cosmetics which brought Chivalry to a fantasy style, yeah, they have added crystal swords. Furthermore, you were not able to get these skins for free, no loot boxes only money. Finally, developers were focused on adding new swords skins rather than fixing the game. 
    [b] Maps. [/b] There were plenty of maps added, but they were poorly optimized and a bunch of them were made by a community. In addition, original maps were better at some point. If you ask me, I would tell you that I prefer old maps more. Anyway, they have added something. 
    [b] Combat. [/b] Some players became a real guru of Chivalry, so it was almost impossible to hit them. Moreover, two 50 rank players could completely destroy the server. We cannot blame them for that, as they have played for a long time. But we can see a chain here, there were no updates, so player base failed to refresh. As a result, only these players were left, I mean they really love the game. So the new player had no chance to stay against them, as he or she would die all the time. In few last years, I had troubles with playing, as servers were half-empty or had a high ping, all others had rank 40+, so every fight became a struggle and lasted for 3-5 minutes. Chivalry does not provide an opportunity for new players to learn. 
    [b] Updates. [/b] After the release developers did not make major updates or fundamental changes, which was a crucial factor for Chivalry. There were no new classes, no new weapons and no major changes to mechanics. Only skins and maps were added. Finally, Chivalry did not release any major events, such as Christmas or Halloween. We had only some pumpkin and Santa’s hats. The lack of evolution was essential for this game. Thus, players did not stay in Chivalry for a long time. I guess at first Torn Banners were working on the DLC and then on Mirage. 
    
[h1] DLC [/h1] 
Now, this was awful. At first, it looked really attractive, as I enjoyed the TV-series Deadliest Warrior. I did not hesitate and bought this Chivalry Deadliest Warrior. The initial issue is that DLC launches as a standalone game. It has separate servers, units, and game modes. So you cannot play with any DLC content in the base game. Deadliest Warrior did not have this Team Objective mode and had simple FFA fight of different classes. The sound was good, but it was the only game’s plus. The lack of purpose, a small portion of content and balance issues made players regret buying Deadliest Warrior. As a result, base game was more favorable to play than this. Now Deadliest Warrior is dead. 
[h1] Conclusion [/h1] 
The combination of no updates, hard entry point and lack of evolution, have led this game to a stagnation. Resulting in the impossibility for the player base to refresh. The game was good once, but now there is no point to buy it. Especially, if you are new to the genre. Yet I would like to rate it 9/10 (Fantastic game), as I love the thematic. Besides this high rate, I do not recommend this game, as at the current state it will not bring a satisfaction to a new player.

Seeing exploiters and devs that announce that the creepy reversed swings and imposibile to block  moves are part of the game mechanics ruined this very good game.First hours playing on low ranks servers are amazing(not going to mention the stupid rank system) but after that...its just about fighting against desperate people learning every exploit and abuse of the engine.Not even watching you and pulling a overhead out of nowhere.Yes, ive learned those reversed moves.Yes i killed new players in low ranks servers.And im not proud of it.This game is ruined by the exploiters and uncaring devs.
It's a pretty fun game but there are three main flaws that can ruin the entire experience. The first two flaws have basically been confirmed by the devs as game features so they probably won't be removed. You'll most likely enjoy the game if you can ignore these flaws. If you can't, it's going to suck.

Flaw number 1: the combat gets really counter intuitive. At the lower levels, you see a lot of people fighting how you'd expect two medieval dudes to fight. Both face each other exchanging blows while attempting to parry and aiming for weak spots. Slightly up the ladder of skill, you see people doing what is called dragging. A swing will follow the camera of the swinger so people will drag their mouse into their attack to speed it up or away from their attack to slow it down. This often causes the opponant to parry at the wrong time so it's used quite a bit. The speed is capped so there aren't any beyblade fighters. Just thought I'd be clear about that. This is all pretty intuitive and makes sense for the most part. It's stops being intuitive once you run into the ballerinas. Ballerinas are players who abuse the shit out of dragging with slow weapons. They'll start the attack looking away from you and flail around in order to hit you. They often spin around in circles which gave them the name. This would be fine if the animation looked decent. it instead just looks like they are glitching out which leads a lot of players to believe they are hacking. You can counter it but it takes some time. It's annoying and it drives a ton of players out of the game. There is no use complaining about it on the steam forums. The mods there will just call you bad and say this garbage tactic is a legit strategy despite it looking like a laggy glitchfest. The only good news I can provide is that not everyone uses it so just throw all of your hatchets/knives at those who do.

Flaw number 2: Archers are pretty OP. In a game of melee combat, you have high damage archers who can one hit kill you from the safety of their spawn. The archer class can also be deadly in duels if you actually manage to get close enough. They have a slight disadvantage as they are slow and don't have much/any armor but they can still fight just fine. Most archers that you will run into will be complete garbage. Most don't bother trying to melee fight and can't hit the broad side of a barn. Issue is, they are balanced for these people. They deal a ton of damage because they aren't balanced for people who can aim. Once you find someone who can aim and duel, the only solution is to hide behind a shield or leave.

Flaw 3: Hit reg is pretty terrible. A lot of times, you'll see an enemy blade go straight through you but you take no damage. You will have several moments where you are pretty certain that you cut straight through some other guy. You will find youself saying "Well that should have been a block" several times. The hit detection is just bad at times.

Update: More flaws? Why not! The kick key just doesn't work at times. I'll have enough stamina and I'm using a keyboard that works but the game goes "nah, you didn't kick". Rebound it. Still doesn't want to work when it's supposed to. Suicide key doesn't want to work half the time. Not sure why. Just have to spam it until I eventually die or suicide rush the enemy with fists. Pretty disapointed with this game.
I thought I was playing a medieval fighter; I was having fun swordfighting and throwing pebbles, but after playing with some high levels, I realized this was no medieval fighter, it was merely a spinning simulator.
Originally, this game was very good.  Then using expliots became popular.  Along with bad hit boxes and devs appraising the cheesing players do in this game, this is a do not buy.
Had to change my review to not recommend this game. Why? Well, back when I first bought it in 2013, the game was fun, great, had awesome duels and massive battles.

Nowadays? It's just a bunch of tossheads spinning about as they break the limited mouse turning of the game, as they ramp their FOV to a massive amount and play in third (wrong) person. These players are fucking shit heads and honestly need to go for this game to retain its fun... But they won't, because TornBanner don't give a shit about fixing it! 

Anyway, you should check out Mordhau if this game looks appealing to you. Although it might be worth buying if you wish to see it finally die?
Ever wanted to play a game where you are rewarded for exploiting? Look no further.

POSTIVES
- It only somtimes ruins friendships.
- Once in a while, you come accross a nice server with a good community. Most people on them are very heflpul. It only lasts a week because the server owner can't pay rent.
- Fire Pots

CONS
- Once you are past Level 15, the game immediately is no longer fun. IE, you are kicked out of the noob servers.
- There are many high level players that are complete dicks about their skill, even though all they know how to do is use gambles and glitch out the game.
- Archers. 
- More Archers.
- Fire Pots
- The game is literally a salt mine.
- Leave while you still can.


People doing impossible moves such as reverse overhead swings and other crazy shit. Devs have not bothered to fix what are clearly moves which exploit the game mechanics. the game is also at an all time low in player count, so don't even bother getting this game. Just wait for Mordhau to come out.
Great concept, poor execution. The majority of your deaths will be from "skilled" players twisting their bodies in impossible ways to get a ridiculous kill that would seem to belong in a comedy show. Like an enemy suddenly turning their backs towards you and doing the limbo while swinging overhead. Or doing a spin while contorting their bodies in a way that should disembowel them and looking up to the stars as if they're pondering the meaning of life only to spin again and stab you.
I cannot recommend this game, for a variety of reasons. This game used to be rather good. It is now a mess, after a series of patches came which broke the game a little more with each one.

Here's a list of the game's issues:

-Above all else, lack of interest/communication from the devs. All the other problems stem from this, as the devs are in charge of  upkeep. Chivalry's devs have been largely silent, and obvious flaws with the game are not fixed for months, if ever.

-Poor server quality. While good 3rd-party servers can be found, the official Chivalry servers are trash. (Multiplay Game Servers, I'm looking at you!) Inexplicable ping spikes, servers booting 3/4 of the players randomly, stutters, freezes, crashes, desyncs, you name it.

-Large amount of bugs. A lot of these are blatant and have been in existence for many months. They are too many to list, suffice to say they have been reported enough on the forums/ steam.

-Ridiculous exploits of game mechanics. Behind-the-back instant hits with the heaviest weapon in the game (the maul), which can one-hit kill any class. Basically, you can make any weapon as fast as a dagger if you know how. Balanced? No sir, not even a little.

-Poor map quality. A lot of the maps, especially the newer , user-made maps, are not up to par in terms of quality. Many are imbalanced to heavily favor attacker or defender. Many have bugs that effectively break the map. For example, gate doors remaining up after being battered all the way down, preventing players from accessing the next area, despite the attackers having 'won'.

-Team stacking. Often one team will often have many more skilled players. The autobalance is a joke, because it throws just any player onto the other team to balance the numbers. It should pick an appropriately ranked player to level the teams, but it doesn't. Also: PLAYER TEAM DISTRIBUTION SHOULD BE RANDOMIZED, TO AVOID STACKING. All the good players often flock to one team, leaving the other team without a hope.

-Flaws in the game engine/design. Here are a few: Attacks phasing through enemies and doing no damage. Blocks not working when they clearly should. Attacks being blocked when they shouldn't be. Shields turning illusory and letting attacks through. Mouse inputs ignored sometimes (you click and nothing happens). Spawn points up high enough that the whole team takes damage jumping down. Ambiguous custom armor colors in team-based games. 

-No autokicker. Not for high ping, or teamkilling, or hacking even. What online game has ever had an autokicker, right?

-Few, if any admins. I've never seen one on an official server.


So there you have it. I'm sure there's more stuff I didn't mention. A fun game with a good concept ruined by out-of-touch devs, numerous bugs and various other issues. If you're really into the idea of a 1st-person, skill-based medieval melee' combat game, then give Chivalry a shot, you might just fall in love. Otherwise, steer clear.
This game was great, once. Charging in with a warhammer, watching your intended target spin around and panic, only for your swing to kill two of your teammates too illicited laughter and giggles for many an hour. 

Alas, I reinstalled it recently, intending to revisit that mirth but it wasn't to be. If it isn't someone with a dagger perforating you because you can't block that fast, it's someone who's doing backwards overhead spin attacks that defy the laws of physics (and your ability to defend yourself).

If you haven't played this game before, save yourself the price (which is too much for what it is now) and find something else. All you'll do if you buy it is spend a couple of hours getting spanked, and  then deleting the game in frustration.
This used to be a great game to an extent. Torn Banner stopped caring though and left the game in a sorry state quite a while ago. The learning curve is huge and that was part of the charm for this game, sadly new players didn't like this and it caused all sorts of problems for the retention of players as a lot of the learning curve is essentially abusing in game mechanics and making it part of the meta. A long time ago i would have recommended this game and playing through the getting rekt phase, but now i don't think Torn Banner should be supported on a game that is dying and should die. 

If any of you are looking for an alternative and feel sad that you missed out on the life of a great game in it's time, then check out Mordhau and keep up to date with it's release, it will be the next best melee game if all goes smoothly. I had some great times in this game over my many hours from competitive to just jumping on casually, but the game is almost dead now so i can't recommend it at all.
once you reach beyond 15. this game goes to complete sh*t. lvl 50s and 60s. ruin this game with servers filled with people abusing the exploits with the combat. Good to play till Lvl 15 but after prepare to get f*cked by people who live and breathe this game.
Great concept and idea that were not that greatly implemented in the game. For a finished game this is a disaster; broken hitboxes, getting stuck in random places, being matched against higher tier opponents after level 15. All of that mixed together doesn't make a good game. I bought this game because im a big fan of medieval ages, but i was just plain disappointed. Also this game has one of the worst communities I've ever seen. All in all this game is not worth its full price, buy it on a sale or not at all.
I would give this game a good review if it wasn't for the large amount of people glitching and exploiting the game. You can find people on here that you will have a decent fight with, and enjoy winning it or losing it because it was fair and challenging... BUT there are those who can't take losing and result into glitching, hacking or even exploiting the game's animations and mechanics just to be top of the lobby. It seems that a large majority of remaining players have taken up one or more of these and it leaves the rest of the player base having to play matchs trying to avoid these people.

If I could play the game without these people glitching, hacking or even exploiting I would give it a good review. Good until level 15 where you get thrown in with these people.
Used to be a medieval combat sim, but devolved into knights dodging and unhidging their backs to do impossible dodges then to zip back up and sock you in the face.
Till level 16: fun to play

After level 16: just uninstall and never touch again
...high level players with thousands of hours everywhere, spinning around abusing the unrealistic game mechanics. Fights will be all about who knows more "broken" moves. No wonder that almost every server is empty.
Whilst it still has potential in the dueling game modes, the lack of players and viable weapon options leaves Chivalry: Medieval Warfare on a sinking boat, where brand new players jump on hoping to get to shore, but eventually sink to the realization of the fact that a good multiplayer game, needs players to play with. 

Once you get out of the low ranked servers you'll be greeted by... nobody, really. The only few people you will meet are heavy 'professional' players who will do dance moves you'd never thought possible from a medieval knight. You will get hit by invisible hitboxes, they will slow their weapon down by exploiting the game; exploits in which the devs never fixed and so they eventually introduced them as 'techniques'. Very lazy from the developers...

Half the time the free for all servers get taken hostage by parties of 3 or 4 and will kick anyone instantly that joins, or they will team up and ruin your gameplay. Sadly there is very little that can be done about this, but games like CS:GO have always found ways to counter-act measures like these. Chivalry hasn't. 

In conclusion, what was once seen as a very good and thriving game, has sadly turned into dust. I played my last game of Chivalry today, where I ran into people trolling on the only populated duel server and a FFA server that had 3 people teaming up together as archers. I hated to see this game go down the way it did, but sadly, all things must come to an end.
This game was a blast, that is, until I became level 16, and could not play on the chaos filled beginners servers that were absolutely hilarious to be apart of.  Now I have two options, play with the veterans of the game and hope by some miracle that over time I get good enough to compete after devoting many hours into learning every single trick and mastering them with each class or just choose to play a different game.  The latter of the two, as sad as I am to say this is my only option right now, and to be quite honest I am very frustrated that I will no longer be apart of the fun that this game provided me with during those first 15 levels.  I would get home from school with my only thoughts being to go and play chivalry, but it just is not as hilariously fun as it used to be.  Just know that this game, if bought, will be the best 20 hours of gaming ever.  Then, it will be nothing but absolute frustration and dissapointment.
When this game initially launched it was fantastic, but now it's full of people that abuse the hitboxes and weapon animations to land hits. Similar to Gears of War with those wall slides that people would do, the community made this game suck.


Well despite my rediculous amout of hours playing on this game I would not recommend it.

Way too many bugs every time one gets fixed 10 more replace it.
Repulsive community.
Unbalanced weapons, to be fair this was always a factor but insted of making the underpowerd weapons better they make them all crap and you no longer get the satisfaction you used to get for chopping up your opponent.
DLC mental.
Hitboxes are super random.
When people get good at the game its more of 'I know how to exploit this bug lets use it'.

>Joins game for first time-"Aw yea! Time to chop some limbs off! Gunna be so fun!"
>Sees people spinning around chopping people-"Uh... Is this some type of modded server or just lag?"
>Engages combat for the first time-"Aw ye! Your heads going on my banner first!"
>Opponent spins around, I strike his head, but somehow he blocks it from behind, does some dancing technique and kills me-"I think I'll find a new server..."

>Joins new server
>Repeats.

Combat system is ridiculous, hitboxes are, well, decent...

Some of the community is HORRIBLE, I see high level players votekicking low er level players or teaming up on them..

People whine because people use feinting, sure its a cheap tactic, but its a game mechanic..

When I first got the game back in around 2013, I quite enjoyed the game! I was sharpening skills with bots then going to multiplayer and had a blast dueling people and have a nice chat with them! Best of all! No dancing knights!

Now, well.. ehhh.. Dancing knights, really the only chat in the actual chat is

"feinting scrub!"

"stfu! feinting is a game mechanic anyways"

"Wow, lol, this noob cant even do a rainbow, Hah! Imbecile"

You better enjoy your time from level 0-15 before it reaches the point of elitists.

Game is, good, yet could be MUCH MUCH better, community is horrible.

R.I.P Chivalry (beyblade simulator)
Loved the game, I really did, until I've played duels. I only played duels. I've learnt the ways of spinning, of extreme drags, instant hits, then I realised that I've ruined the game for myself and others. Dueling isn't fun in this game, don't bother to get into it as it will only make you hate the game on how broken it is. I'd recommend it only for the other side of the game, the big battles and such.

The DLC fixes some of the problems that I've brought up, but overall ruins the experience of the whole game making it feel bulky, restrictive. I wouldn't get the DLC only if it's cheap.

Nice game but forgotten by the devs that would rather make clones of it and add useless hats and skins.
I wrote another review here, but it may have been too harsh for those who enjoy this game despite what I see as its shortcomings. So instead, I encourage those of you on the fence about buying this game to visit its community hub and spend some time looking through the discussions there to form your own opinions on the way it operates.

Peace out.
Full of exploits and a cancer community that think they're good because of their so protected "mechanics".
If you don't exploit the mechanics, you're a noob lol
Its fun for about 10 hours. What ruins the game are the exploiters. There are a few hackers but 95% of people do these weird things that are impossible to block and it ruins the game. However, when people actually play it normally it is really fun, but that almost never happens. I recommend the game itself, but due to the simply massive amount of exploiters, I have to give it a 4/10. If you have some friends to play with its worth it though, but I would wait for a sale.
It's a great game, but I wouldn't recommend it. 

The combat and graphics are excellent for a game of this niche. The gameplay is fun and the weapons are historically accurate. 

The big caveat is that it's an online multiplayer game where players of similar level play one another. The problem there lies in that once you get above level 15 you're tossed into a group of players that exploits hit-box and swing mechanics that completely break immersion and ruin your gameplay experience. 

And they charge exorbitantly for retextures and community created content. 

Great game, but I would definitely avoid it if I were you.
I would not recommend this to new players, I have played it for long enough now to say that this is not the game it was. Mostly this game consists of clans and high level players stacking all their players on one team, not only does this mean they obviously win but it makes it almost impossible to even kill them. Apart from that I can say that this game has one of the worst community's I have ever seen, don't get me wrong, there are some nice people on here, but the general atmosphere on servers is terrible, plenty of racism, insults, and of course team killing. The latest maps that the developers have brought out are rubbish, full of bugs and glitches, and they seem more interested now in trying to peddle microtransactions than fixing any of the bugs that seem to multiply with every patch thy release. If you can get it for a couple of quid then go for it, but beyond that don't bother, you'll get frustrated with it long before you start getting good anyway.
Lets make this simple, this game is GREAT, one of the best ideas I've ever seen, the graphics, the interactions, the slash'n'hack everything is simply amazing, until you reach level 15+. So the 0-15 severs are extremely fun, friendly, and really addicting, but once you hit that level 16 you're doomed. Without any warning you find yourself vs higher levels who just destroyed the game, "inventing" some kind of new weird backbody slashing(they literally do an uppercut and spin to their backs so it would hit you BEFORE THE ATTACK HAS BEEN COMPLETED, another thing is that pressing crouch why JUST MOVING YOUR SCREEN UP AND DOWN SO IT WOULD LOOK LIKE AN UPPERCUT BUT its all fake and bulls. I mean seriously, fix these damn issues, I don't understand why must a perfect legal fun game should invent new ways to fight and manipulate, simply SUCKS, I recommend level 0-15 but I DON'T recommend staying after. waste of time, waste of money, waste of a great game, I'm writing this review and I'm getting bummed, really thought I'll stick to this game as long as possible but guess that as long as possible is 2-3 days top.
To sum things up - graphics, gameplay idea and game is amazing. community and its new system is HORRIBLE AND UNPLAYABLE, DO NOT THINK YOU CAN ADAPT BECAUSE IT'S NOT WORTH IT, (FFA- FREE FOR ALL - YOU SEE GROUPS OF HIGH RANKS JUST TEAMPLAYING ON EVERYONE ELSE - legit am I right? whats better than being level 16 and fighting 8 leveled 35-70 players. 
Trash community - makes the game trash.
The community has become pretty toxic about the same as gta v now... not to mention new players think theyre good by exploiting all of the glitches... so fucking fix them otherwise this game is going to continue to crash and burn
If you want a good sword fighting game, pick For Honor. This game is not worth it, it's like a bad indie game. Long screens, no progression at all and crappy mechanics. Seriously, pick For Honor. Is 7 bucks cheaper, and has actual content and progression. I'm requesting a refund right now.
If you value immersion just don't buy this. if you don't give a crap, read a guide about ballerinas, put on the beyblade theme and git gut

personally i like immersion, and find that a fully armored epileptic seizure with a sword, kills me in a glitchy spasm of 360 chopping and flailing, just completely breaks that
Ruined due to a bug that everyone exploits that TBS will not fix because they abandoned this
game. Thankfully, Mordhau makes sure that these exploits aren't possible. Get that instead when it comes out.
