Do I recommend this game? Hell yes. Every single time you start a new game file, it's an entirely random generated world where nothing is the same as the last. You can play this game for weeks and still not discover all its secrets. It's a sandbox strategy game that keeps you on your toes for anything and everything that's trying to kill you. And believe me, there's a hundred and one monsters who all want your face on a platter. 

GAME TIPS:

1. Always have a means to make fire. Always.
2. Pigs are your friends. Build your base near them.
3. Spiders are not.
4. BEWARE THE BEES. 
5. Beefalo herds are awesome. Fill your pockets with their endless poo. Great fire fuel.
6. Prepare for periodic hound attacks. Make spears and tooth traps.
7. Pick flowers. 
8. Not starving is the LEAST of your worries.
One of my absolute favorite games. It's quite a challenging game, especially until you get the hang of things. It's a dark, twisted survival game where pretty much everything is trying to kill you. You've got to scavenge, build things, and defend yourself, all while trying to pay attention to the environment (weather) and the fullness of your stomach. The developers also seem to be constantly updating the game and adding huge amounts of awesome content for free. It just keeps expanding and you just keep wanting to play again and again. Highly recommended!

October 2014 Edit: Multiplayer is coming to Don't Starve! It's currently in closed beta at the moment, but should be coming along eventually!
"Oh, i just bought this gam-" -Killed by a Bee.
"Ok, one more try" - Killed by a Bee.
"100 days!, 2 giants, 4 seasons, I'm invincible!" - Killed by a Bee.

The Tim Burton style fits this game perfectly, with a bit of survival, and fighting.

>You will fight Giants, Spiders, Metal Chess Things

>You will find Berries, Carrots, Bunnies

>You will have to kill the Bunnies to get Morsel, Pigs/Beefalos/Tallbirds (yes, birds that are, guess what, TALL) to get Meat, Spiders/Merms/Werepigs to get Monster Meat

>You will have to cook all of them if you want to survive.

>You will have to build a shelter if you want to survive.

>You will be INSANE, totally INSANE.

>You will see things. A lot of things.

>You will starve.

>But most importantly... YOU WILL DIE. A LOT.
Don't Starve is one of the games I will never forget!I'm sure you ask yourself why? Let me explain:
When I saw the game I were like ,,Naahhhh I'm not going to buy this.'' but a few days later I looked a second time and tought ,,Why not?It looks funny. And it says you can celebrate with your piggy friends.''  that was when I bought it. I can tell you I got addicted to the game. The first day I played 12 h's. I told my brother and my friend they should buy it. They did it and got addicted, too. I think nearly every Computer can run the graphics and the the characters are funny, too. With every game I started a new story war born. For example I started my first game and forgot to make a fire when the night came up I died and I was like ,,Why?I should have know''. And I learned with every new day that the game hates me. The game likes to punch you in the face. And the community is amazing. In the forums you can see artist, storywriters, survivers and so on. Pretty fast updates with new content to explore and even merchandise. It's a tip for everyone who like survival games. You will love it.

Graphics: 10/10
Gameplay: 9/10
Sound: 10/10

I hope you enjoyed my review.If yes press the like button :§D
This game is fantastic.

It combines roguelike and survival gameplay, dumping you in a strange territory to explore, forage, learn, craft and progress on your own terms. For the most part, the controls and interface are intuitive, so it's simply a matter of deciding where to go or what to do.

The game is called Don't Starve, and hunger is indeed a major theme. If you go a few days without food, you will die. That said, there are plenty of other things to kill you - a variety of animals and monsters, environmental hazards, and your own dwindling sanity. To battle this, you rely on building your own equipment, consumables and structures, ranging from weapons and armor to crock pots to unwholesome magical devices.

Don't Starve can be brutal, so you should expect to die, but just making good progress is rewarding in itself. You unlock new characters as you play, each with little touches or specialties to diversify your experience. And while there are some pretty powerful or useful items you can make, there are still a lot of ways to play, and they're all valid (which is good, because sometimes you don't have much choice.)

If you're bored or frustrated, you can change your experience by starting a new game and adding or removing features. If you're tired of fighting certain monsters, you can just turn them off. I haven't messed with this myself, as I like the feeling of surprise, and playing the game as-is, but the developers have left the doors wide open for custom play experiences. In the same way, you can make use of a wealth of user-created elements.

There are a few things I missed for awhile, like the fact that you can view a map of everywhere you've been so far, but overall the game doesn't suffer much from lack of tutorial or hand-holding. You can go read everything on a wiki if you prefer, but this is a game where I don't actually begrudge trial and error learning. Encountering strange new things and deciding what to do with them is a ton of fun, even if it sometimes gets you killed.

A warning (at least from my perspective) - this game is so immersive, I prefer to keep playing it for hours on end once I start. It's not a game I enjoy having to stop, unless I come to good stopping point like dying at the end of a long survival run. In fact, sometimes I forget to eat for a long time when I play this. So, yeah. Irony.
You desperately fend off Eldritch horrors manifested by your own insanity while you turn your fallen friends' remains into a colossal bat made out of ham and run from a giant badger who shares a fondness for your dead compatriots. The sun begins to set, counting down the seconds before you are struck blind, tethered to a flickering light with the terrors of the night. Forests are mowed down behind you as the beast pursues.

You dive into a sinkhole that dumps you into a pitch black cavern where you are promptly mauled by a horde of spiders and rabbit-people. You scream in terror as the light from above grows fainter, the rabid shrieking of gigantic insects growing louder and louder.

10/10, extremely relaxing game.

Don’t Starve tries its best to be a haunting challenge, with a Tim Burton art style. It does a good job. 



The core gameplay is simply trying to survive. gathering materials and food during the day, and huddling by a fire, trying to craft useful tools at night. As the day to night cycle progresses, so does the seasonal cycle. After a couple days, winter comes, making it harder to collect food, and hunt. The nights become longer and the days become shorter as you huddle by your fire, trying not to freeze to death. During winter, your homemade farms stop becoming useful. Huntable animals disappear and other more dangerous animals come in swarms. 



As far as the story goes, there is an oddly rich story, which can only be experienced by skilled players. Whenever a new game is started, Maxwell, the games antagonist, warns him to get food. The real story mode cannot be achieved unless the player has found the four pieces, and then moves to the next level. After beating a few levels, they reach the epilogue, where maxwell is unlocked as a playable character and the game is complete. 



Don't starve’s graphics and art style is very Tim Burton. The monsters, alone have a scary but yet cute feel to them. The sound of the game is very creepy yet welcoming. depending on what the player is doing at the time. The music changes whenever the player is in combat or not, making the combat feel even more immersive. 



Don’t stare also has a large amount of options. Not only can you pick your character but you can also modify the world and its many resources. Players can make the world a food rich wonderland, or a barren wasteland, randomized each time. Each playable character has its own stats, and buffs/debuffs, tailoring to each possible playstyle. 




The in game crafting provides a large variety of machines, tools, farms and structures. The player can craft anything from carpets, campfires, spears, drying racks, walls, bee-based mines and a large variety of clothing, all with special perks. Winter coats to keep you warm, mining hats to provide light, feather hats to increase how many birds there are, armour to reduce damage, and a flower garland to keep sanity up.






Don't starve does lots of things right. 


The art style and sound design is amazing for this game

The crafting feels organic and worth the effort.

The clothes in the game change not only how the player looks, but also has bonuses. 

The Monsters in the game are interesting and fun to hunt.

The many varieties of food make the game more interesting

The story is enjoyable, even if you don't play through it. 

The antagonist is one of the best “bad guys” i've seen in games for a while

The different playable characters are fantastic 

The game has a customizable world setting.

The game has playing cards


Don't starve does a few thing wrong.


The cave mechanic is hardly explored until late game

The game has a few bugs still needing to be fixed

The follower mechanic should be touched up

The vanilla game can be a tad boring

The player may rage-quit after dieing on a long time world.

The game lacks achievements

The game lacks vanilla co-op


Don’t Starve isn't only a magnificent survival game, but it is also a well told story, for those who care to play it. I believe that there is a large market for this game, and that market keeps on growing. If you don't already own this game, pick it up on sale. Its on sale almost every winter and summer sale. I payed full price for it and i think its worth it.

You will die.

Spiders will murder you.
Hounds will murder you.
Bunnymen will murder you.
Trees will murder you.
Tentacles will murder you.
Shadows will murder you.
Giants will destroy you.
Bees will obliterate you.
Penguins will pretty much annihilate you.

And that's only if you don't starve first.
Don’t Starve starts off slow and punishing and continues to get even harder as you play. Its merciless difficulty coupled with its monotonous gameplay can leave some players feeling frustrated and bored. Those who enjoy a good challenge, however, will relish in the satisfaction they’ll get when they manage to outlive their previous record or clear the game’s evil Adventure mode. It may not be for everyone, but if you’re looking for a roguelike game filled with charm and challenge, be sure not to miss Don’t Starve.
Wow. Just wow. First try.. didn't make it past the first night. 2nd Try, Day 3. 3rd Try Day 7. Loving this game! 

I just came from playing 30 Hrs of Rust and this game is a breath of fresh air. Lots of things to do, research and survive. And best of all, no worrying about jerk-like community members ruining the game.

Love this so much I went out and bought a background! 

Recommend!
> Started game. Chased by wolves into the darkness. I died.

> New game. Got hungry, tried to steal Tallbird egg. Tallbird didn't like that. I died.

> New game. Getting the hang of things. Tried to pick a harmless eyeball-shaped plant. Plant wasn't harmless. I died.

> New game. Found Touchstone, learned to abuse savestate mechanics. Dying becomes nearly impossible.

> Winter came. I died.

Don't Starve is a creepy-cute survival game in which you're made to learn through mistakes, and in which the slightest mistake can kill you and erase all your progress. I'm currently 74 days into a run, but not without a little abuse of the game mechanics. Don't Stave is a hard rogue-like, in that the instant you die your entire world and all your progress is erased, but there are a couple resurrection items in each world that let you respawn once after death, and I've found that there's a few seconds between dying and resurrection in which you can safely quit the game without it saving over your file. Basically, it's the old Pokemon trick: if you accidentally kill the legendary, just reboot your save file and everything's fine.

Is this cheating? Probably. Kind of. Not as much as the time I played through this game's entire adventure mode with God Mode turned on because I so badly wanted the character you unlock at the end. (I know, I'm THAT kind of player. In my defense, the adventure mode of this game is just absurd.)

I've put more hours into this game than into all my other games combined, and I think that fact alone should show how fun it is. It's a sandbox game, in that there are no set objectives, but there are so many things to do in the game that forming your own objectives is easy and natural; it's pretty obvious when you run across something you haven't accomplished yet (surviving through winter; unlocking the Magic tab; collecting the parts to the Teleportato), and in order to accomplish it, you usually have to master some new aspect of the game. In my current save file, I have: survived two winters; walked around the entire overworld map; hunted down MacTusk; survived (and slain) the mighty Deerclops; and built a base with six farms, two bee boxes, and a nearby spider den, which I'm pretty sure could sustain me indefinitely without me having to move beyond my line of berry bushes. All this and I've still only scratched the surface. (Literally; there's a whole cave world below the surface world, and a ruin world below that, which I've only read about so far.)

The only downside to this game is the roguelike element, in that every time you die you have to start over. But the randomly-generated world makes starting over kind of fun, especially with the option to try new characters, and once you have the basic survival tools there's a million directions you can go in, most of which you won't have touched in previous playthroughs. 

I will say, however, that the dying does get annoying, especially when so many of your deaths feel like bullshit. Like those eyeball plants that attacked and killed me before I could figure out what they were. Or the wolves, which will NEVER stop chasing you, or even give you time to craft something to defend yourself. Or all those times a monster attacked my campsite at night, forcing me to run in circles around my fire as the light slowly burned out. Basically, if at any moment you aren't prepared for everything, it probably means you're about to die. The only reason I can ignore this is that I would quickly quit my game whenever I was about to die, but without cheats, the permadeath mechanic makes progress in this game infuriatingly difficult (but incredibly rewarding when it does happen).

I'd give it an 8/10. (10/10 if savestate abuse is counted as a game mechanic.)
Don't Starve is an extraordinary survival game with nice graphic and various game contents.  You are sent into a strange world by Maxwell.  You have to fight for your life and try to survive in the world.  And figure out the true story behind at the same time.

+Multiple Characters with unique characteristic, special ability, and playthrough.
+Random generated map.  Every new game is in a unique new world.
+Tons of in-game contents.  Such as various creatures, biomes, weapons, surviving kits, environment items, even magical stuffs.
+Nice hand-drawn style graphic with hilarious animations.
+Focus on survival.  Lots of tools and ways to survive in the strange world.
+Simple and non-redundant crafting system.  Every items are useful for your survival and no meaningless stuffs.
+Days and nights, season change.  Try hard to survive in a vivid and dynamic environment.
+2 game modes: Sandbox Survival and Story Adventure.  Find the entrance of adventure mode and figure out the truth.
+Steam Workshop supported.  Tons of mods to customize your game experience.
+Full controller supported.  Special buttons settings for controller.
+Incoming online feature: Don't Starve Together.

-Some mods do not support controller.

In comparison with MineCraft, Don't Starve is much like a survival game not a creative construction sandbox game.  If you like to fight for survival, you must have to try Don't Starve.  You'll like it!


Don't Starve 是一個豐富且畫質精美的生存遊戲，你被Maxwell送到一個奇怪的世界，必須要為了生存而戰，同時要找到整個事件背後真正的真相。

+非常多獨特角色可選，有不同的個性、特色技能、與遊玩方式。
+隨機產生的地圖，每次的冒險都是全新的獨特地圖。
+五花八門的遊戲內容，例如豐富的生物、氣候、武器、生存工具、環境、甚至還有魔法物品。
+精美的手繪風格畫質以及幽默有趣的角色動畫。
+著重於生存，各種不同的方式在這奇怪的世界中生存。
+簡單扼要的合成系統，每個物品對你的生存都很有幫助，沒有華而不實的無意義物品。
+日夜輪轉、季節變換，在真實動態的環境中求生存。
+兩種遊戲模式: 沙盒生存與故事冒險，找到冒險模式的入口並發掘故事真相。
+Steam工作坊支援，多種模組可自訂改變你的遊戲體驗。
+全手把支援，有特別設計過按鍵給手把使用。
+及將上市多人連線功能: Don't Starve Together。

-某些Mod的作者並沒有提供手把支援，若使用Mod則手把可能會無法使用

相較於MineCraft，這款Don't Starve更像是一個生存遊戲，而不是一個創造建築遊戲，如果你喜歡奮鬥求生的遊戲，你一定要試試看Don't Starve，你一定會喜歡！


This is my mod collection contain mods which enhance the game for convenience but no cheating and not changing the game balance.
這是我的模組收藏清單，包含的模組能強化遊戲功能與增進方便，並著重不作弊、不改變遊戲平衡。
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=328668546

PTT Steam板 中文心得
http://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Steam/M.1413919023.A.0AB.html
Best. Game. Ever.
I seriously cannot express how awesome this game is. Whether it be the overall gameplay, the lore, the deaths, the nomming, the insanity, or having your base burnt down because of one lightning strike in Spring, the game delivers on all of what it promises and more.
Buy this game and you will not be disappointed.
This game is so addictive, while trying not to starve on the game you may starve in real life, you won't sleep and you will go insane keeping your charactor alive. 
This should come with a health warning but the games name should be a reminder in itself, maybe add an ingame timer that saves the game and tells the player 'eat and go to bed' after they've been playing 20 hours.

If you have lots of spare time this game is definitly worth it's money.
This game offers hours of endless fun (and sometimes, frustration)! Addictive is an understatement. With the addition of new updated content frequently to explore, this game has not got old and continues to throw in new thrills.
What is Don't Starve all about?

Don't Starve is a survival horror game that drops the character in an open and fully explorable world filled with numerous monsters and many interactive objects. This is a must buy for anyone who enjoys a game where the player is given total freedom to do what they want, how they want and when they want. So as a player and big fan here is my own personal experience on such an awesome single player experience game. 

J20Hawkz Personal Opinion

I have been playing this game since early release and still find it extremely hard to stop playing it. Personally for me I enjoy adventure, action and rpg, Don't Starve combines all three in a unique way and blends in survival horror and a sort of farming, resource hoarding element also. If you enjoyed playing games such as Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon you will definitely feel right at home playing this. The added twist is you are always on your feet to make sure you don't go insane and lose health. Oh and of course don't starve. 

Seasons, Days, Interactions

Almost everything can be interacted with, from catching small butterflies and bees to having epic battles with huge lumbering monsters that hunt you in the coldest and hardest of times. Yes Don't Starve has seasonal changes, and not only do you live to survive, you must survive to live. Days go from light to dark, they don't last very long making it all important you do enough to survive the dark night and start again when the sun comes out. Anything that moves and would potentially pose a threat can harm the player if you choose to get too close or in some way anger it. 

Weapons, Traps, Armour, Food

Craft weapons, armour, traps and walls to defend yourself against continuous threat. Capture, kill, gather and cook food to make sure your hunger never drops. Everything you see can be used to collect valuable resources that will be used to craft hundreds of helpful survival items. 

Explore a living world

Not only are we free to explore a fairly large open map, we can also go deeper into the caves and explore a strange and creepy ancient world. With the addition of such levels Don't Starve replay ability went through the window. Again exploring either the world above ground or venturing deep into the darkness of the caves, is all up to the player. There are no strings attached. You do as you wish. 

Minor Issues

There are some minor faults with the game, but the team behind this game are very supportive and at least one member is on hand to help sort out any technical issues or those annoying bugs we encounter while playing. Never have I seen a more committed development team than Klei. Most questions can be answered by reading the community made Don't Starve Wiki, you can also visit the Official Klei site and post questions or reply to other friendly members of the Don't Starve community. The Steam Don't Starve forum is also a good place to share or ask what's on your mind. 

Death

Death can be a pain, if you die that's it, you have to start all over again. The further you get is based on the number of days survived. However you gain experience points based on this number that is used to unlock other playable characters all of which have unique aspects about them. There are ways of avoiding a permanent game ending death so not all hope is lost. 

Play alone or together

Don't Starve was originally planned as a Single player game only. On the 6th of May 2014 multiplayer was announced for late summer 2014. More to follow. 

Finally

All in all, this game is a great single player oriented experience. The achievements we get is what we find hard and over come. With no online capabilities or steam associated achievements, some may find this game not worth buying. However if those are the only negatives in a game you will be hard pressed to find something that is as captivating as Don't Starve.  

I give this game a solid 85/100.

Here is just one example of what can be made in Don't Starve. 

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=151738059
Updated now to include the massive lot of new content and Klei's commitment to the game -

So. Tim Burton designs minecraft, this is what it would look like. That's the quick version. The not so quick version involves you attempting to survive in a world which is pretty much entirely out to kill you (even the trees will try to kill you...), having been dumped there by a mysterious character called Maxwell. It is down to you to, as with many Minecraft games, start from the ground up by collecting flint and twigs, and putting together rudimentary tools, before hacking down trees and mining rocks for the more advanced stuff. As your toolset grows, so do your options, and thankfully, so does your diet choices (berries work for a while, but there's nothing like cooked rabbit).

The game now has a fair bit of lore and background to it, and with the addition of caves, and sub areas, now has a more "exploratory" feel on top. Combined with the Steam Workshop, a slew of unlockable characters, and a soundtrack which I seriously suggest everyone who picks up the game -also- collects, results in an outstanding offering that will appeal to survivalists and minecrafters alike.
I'm a little late to the awesomeness but suffice to say this game is just that. Better than basically any AAA $60 game... rewards skill and patience and has untold depth and stuff to discover and master. 

Don't let your gaming chops go to waste and dare to starve, it's horrifyingly funtastic!
Pros:
+ Randomly generated worlds with varying resources and NPC's
+ The option to create custom worlds
+ Tons of items to harvest, craft, use and eat
+ Immense world to explore
+ Original and fitting art style
+ Great sound design and music
+ Immense replayability and depth
+ Supports mods; has many great mods available through Steam Workshop
+ Frequent content updates
+ Gain experience after each death to unlock additional characters to play as; each character has their own passive abilities that changes the way you play

Cons:
- Large learning curve with no in-game help or tutorials
- Combat is frustrating and basic
- The game is designed around grinding, and you'll never do anything but.

Who should buy this game?
*Fans of sandbox survival games such as Minecraft
*Fans of Klei Entertainment
*Those who enjoy slower-paced games centered around creativity and patience


Replayability Value: Very high, tons of stuff to do and with randomly generated new content each playthrough you'll have a different experience with each world.

Price Range: $15 bucks or lower, you can easily get your money's worth.
The first time I played this game I didn't really "get" it.  I ran around, I found some food, I died.  Then I put away the game for a long time.  Recently I decided to play again and started to realize just how much depth there is to the game.  I've now played for hundreds of hours, I've tried streaming on twitch and watching others do the same.  It has become one of my favorite games and I definitely recommend it.
[h1]Charmingly addictive // Recommended for survival gamers who don't want their hands held[/h1]

+ The longer one lives, the more XP is accumulated; characters are unlocked via XP, so unlocks can be obtained by those struggling to acclimate to the game, albeit not as quickly
+ Boasts myriad environments and biomes, all of them offering a unique pallet of items and consumables
+ Camera rotation is a godsend, and makes camp construction much less frustrating
+ Permadeath offers a rousing incentive to succeed, particularly due to nighttime being so fatal
+ Absolutely fantastic art style and animations
+ Has an intricate, yet fairly intuitive, crafting system; this is greatly complemented by the mechanics of magic and scientific advancement
+ Controls are practical and responsive; works very well with mouse and keyboard
+ In addition to the hunger and health meters, the player must also consider the needs of the 'sanity' meter, adding further to the logistical challenge; sanity requirements can be satiated differently between the unlockable characters
+ Worlds are all procedurally generated, making each experience into something refreshing and unique
+ Sound design is nothing less than superb

- Game can often lend itself to tedious frustrations, in large part due to the unforgiving environment and the fragile nature of the player's character
- Crippling lack of a tutorial or beginner's handicaps; this will not appear as a negative to most enthusiasts of the genre, but less experienced survival gamers may find it off-putting

[h1]LockeProposal's Big Day Out[/h1]

[url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/bigdayout#]Community Group[/url]
[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/7611703/]Curator Page[/url]
[url=https://www.reddit.com/r/SeriousSteamReviews/]Serious Steam Reviews subReddit[/url]
For me, it was the small things :

The blue tint of winter. 

The silent whisper of your demons, as you slowly go insane.

The witty analysis of each character on their environment, showing how unique they are.

The breathing you hear in your left ear, but cant see beyond the piercing dark.

Dont Starve is a great game, with devs that listen to their players. Open mod support encourage the community to build the game they want to play. The addition of Dont Starve Together adds an almost primal need. Survive with your pack, feed them and fight with them - Survive. 

A hidden gem, a beautiful game.
At around day 100+ I feel obligated to review this masterpiece of a game.
Imagine you're stranded in a world which his only point is defeating you.
Now imagine it's a video game. that's Don't Starve.
You start in a world without any prior knowledge to what it contains, no idea on what to do, how to craft, how to eat food, how to survive.
You roam around and pick up grass, saplings and flint without any target on your mind, doing it like you feel obligated to
After a while of doing so, you hear a wild *DING* and a flashing bulb captures ontop of the crafting tab captures your eye.
What could that be you possibly ask, as that is the tools tab.
You continue your pointless journey by crafting your self a pickaxe and an axe, respectively.
You start by getting some wood, maybe some stone if you're lucky and it's already night.
Luckliy, another light bulb ontop of a campfire logo has captured your eye and you've got a campfire, just in time for the night.
After the night has fallen, a new day had began. You're low on food and sanity so you start picking up these berries which you haven't thought about doing in the beginning, and you also found flowers. You try eating them but notice that whenever you pick'em up your sanity raises. that's good.
After a while of looting the enviorment you come across a rock biome. Great, you've gathered enough rocks to make yourself nothing because the night came again.
After almost dying at night you start getting stone and come across a gold nugget. What could that be?
And, again, a bulb ontop of the symbol of Atom has caputred your eye.
You make a science machine as you start grapsing that basics of this game. After a while of exploring your general land you come across a pig village with, ofcourse, the king pig inside. These pigs will turn out to be your only allies in this game. They have farms, they offer protection for any kind of meat and will save you from some of the horrors of this game. So you start making your base next to them as it is the only logical choice you could make in this game.
After more days of looting and gathering resources you hear a faint woof. What could that be?
Hounds.
As you run relentlessly without understanding what's going on, your fellow pigsman are there to save the day, not for long though. You came out clean this time, which you should thank the gods of this cursed land.
You started making up a base, you crafted random items from the science tab and again, a bulb has lit up.
You craft an alchemy engine which will help you craft more scientific items.
After roaming around in the world yet again, you come across ancient guardians of this cursed land.
They work like clockwork, they defend their land like no other creatures. You bribe your fellow pigsman and you go to fight these ancient creatures, winning the battle.
After looting their corpses, you come across gears. When arriving at your house, you craft an Ice Box to slow the spoilage of the food. Neat.
You have a base, well protected from the horros of this world, you have everything you'd like in it.
Now, there are two scenarios which can happen:
1. Summer starts.
You have no idea what to do, your character starts to heat up without any knowledge on what's happening.
Your house starts burning and you, yourself, is overheating.
Okay, lets say that didn't happen and you miraculously didn't any fires or didn't overheat because you mined ice.
Guess what?
Dragonfly. I'll leave that for you to discover what's that.
Scenario 2:
Winter starts.
Great, you're cold, you're almost dead but you came across a failed survivor which had a Puffy Vest, thermal stone and a Cat Cap. How lucky you are. So you barely survive this day and come back to your house, rapidly fueling your campfire as it's the only gateway from this hellish environment. You have food in your ice box, you have enough wood somehow to survive the winter (Who am I kidding, this never happends, but for the purpose of this story let's assume it does).
A saxphone sound comes out of your characters body and a text appeares, "That sounded big".
I'll let you guess what's going to happen next.
Ofcourse, there are 2 more seasons, Autumn and Spring, but I feel like they shouldn't be focused on now as they are pretty similliar.
You die.
Again.
And again.
And again.
And again, until you master the horrors of this cursed land, feeling success after surviving your first winter, summer, autumn, spring. You survive the countless waves of hounds. Great.
You come across a sinkhole.
I'll let you find out what's going to happen next.






All in all, this game is a well polished survival game with a giant replay value, very little bugs are found, great developers who listen to the community, great DLC's which add a LOT to the game which are very cheap aswell.
If you like survival games and want to feel what a real survival game is, check this game out, it's on sale right now aswell.
This game will always have a special place for me.
Another amazing indie title. The creativity level in this game is outstanding. There is so much depth in a seemingly simple concept and it's implemented perfectly. The graphics intrigue me to no end. At such a low price, you would be a fool not to buy this game.
Whats that? You tried to go exploring? DEAD
Hmm? Tried to murder a frog? DEAD
Forgot to make armour? DEAD
Didn't make a torch? DEAD
Tried to fight pigmen? DEAD
Too cold? DEAD
doing anything but cowering in a corner eating beef jerky in this game will kill you.
somehow, that makes it fun.
Since I have no idea how to review this game, I am just going to tell a tale of one of my adventures.

Please note, this was played on Reign of Giants 1st update.

Day 1 through 7. Getting Started.

I pick Wilson as my character and start my game. It dumps me in a birch tree biome full of Twigs, Grass, Berries, Carrots and Flint. So I walk around gather all that crap, cut down some trees gathered wood and acorns and made a fire and waited through the night. The next day comes and I start exploring. I come across a biome full of Boulders and Gold nuggets. So I make a Pickaxe and just start going through every Boulder getting Stone, Flint and Gold Nuggets. I did that all day. The next day comes and I went to search for Beefalo. Within the first 2 minutes I find beefalo. My reaction was “Yes! I can now get their poo and start a farm!” I then realise I got excited over poo... So I got a bunch of poo and found a decent spot to make my camp. The next day I cut down a ton of trees and made a lot of stone walls and marked my base. Once I had set my walls, I replaced the floor with wooden flooring. Then I placed my Science Machine, Alchemist Machine, Crock Pot, Drying rack, Lightning rod and made 3 improved farms. Everything was going great!. That was all in the first 7 days. 
A great start for me.

Day 8 through 12. The Rise and Fall of Friendship.

I go exploring looking for spider nests for webs and the Pig King for Gold Nuggets and Pig men to recruit for help. I take 4 steps up and boom! Forrest Biome full of spider nests! And right next to biome was the Pig village with the pig king. Having killed a few spiders on the way to finding the Pig king I had some monster meat. So I recruited 2 Pig men called (And I am not kidding you) Nacho and Libre. They helped me out killing spiders and getting webs and they also helped with cutting down trees. The next 4 days pretty much went like this. I got my webs, made the Bug Net, Bird Trap and Tent and then…something I was not expecting happened. You need to keep giving the Pigs meat for them to keep following you and I have been giving them Monster Meat that the Spiders dropped. Day 12 I give the Pig men Monster Meat for the fourth day and…they turned in to Werepigs… I had to kill them both. So at this point I go on the Don’t Starve Wiki to find out why this had happened. Turns out giving them 4 Monster Meat turns them in to Werepigs… R.I.P Nacho and Libre. Day 8-12. 

Day 13 through 21. Preparing for Winter.

Sad. Having killed my fellow Pig friends, I continued on. I go to an unexplored area and I find something surprising! A skeleton with an Ice Box next to him. I smash the Ice Box, take the items and ran back to my camp and made an Ice Box. This made me very happy. Now I can now store food without them going bad in 3 days. This also gave me a purpose to go mine the Ice blocks since Ice never melts in an Ice Box. For pretty much day 14 to 21 I stocked right the up on food. Making several meals from the crock pot and stocking up on Berries and Carrots that I could find. Just before day 21 hits, while just looking around in a forest I find yet another skeleton and this time he had a Winter hat and a Breezy Vest. I had loads of food in the Ice Box I had the perfect clothes and a fully heated Thermal Stone and my beard was fully ready. Bring on winter!

Day 21 through 31. Spelunking and Giant encounter.

Winter arrives! Snow everywhere! PENGUINS! And trying not to freeze to death! Winter was a pretty slow and boring time. Can’t really go out much without freezing so I thought to myself “I’m going to go explore the caves!” Expecting it to be dark and full of bats, I prepared myself. As soon as I go down the cave there was yet another skeleton! This time he had a lantern and a chest full of this green slime. I thought “Great! This is will get me around the cave without using 50 torches” It didn’t stop the fact that the caves are terrifying! At first it was just a marsh biome with GIANT TENTICLES! trying to kill you. As soon as am out of that biome I enter this new looking place I haven’t seen before…and I encounter something that made me ♥♥♥♥ myself! Now keep this in mind, the cave is pitch black and you can only see with a lit source. In this case the lantern I found. The lantern does not light the entire screen. You can only see like 3 feet around you. I encounter ROCK LOBSTERS! Which are (As I find out later) these terrifying yet harmless mob. My first reaction was to turn around and run the ♥♥♥♥ out of the cave but I noticed they didn’t follow me. So I approached one and it did not attack me. I learn that you can befriend them by giving them stone. I befriended 1 and continuted. Then I encounter the 2nd most terrifying thing…GIANT BUNNYS! These big furry bunnies are also Harmless and you can befriend them by giving them…Carrots…I also continued on without them. From then on it was just Cave Spiders and Bats. Having explored most of the cave I decide to finally leave it. I resurface only to be attacked by 5 hounds. I don’t attack them. Instead I lure them all the way to the Pig Village and got the pigs to help me out! The hounds died with the cost of 1 Pig man….So I took the meat he dropped and dried it and made Jerky!

Having not died in the cave and surviving the hounds I decide to just take these next few day’s slowly. Having planted a load of acorns outside my camp I cut down all the trees and made 3 pig houses just outside my camp. Just in case anything comes to attack me (Like a Giant perhaps). I decide to venture out to more unknown area and I encounter a strange bug, I encounter the Goose Moose in winter. It left me confused considering it is a spring giant. So what did I do? Recruited a bunch Pig men and killed it! And it was successful! I gathered the Meat it dropped and yet again headed home. But on my way over I got caught in the darkness and can to settle in the middle of nowhere. During the night I was attacked by like 6 bats. So during night I was just running around my fire like I was doing a rain dance.

Day 32 through 54 The Quest for the Fire Staff and Leaving the World Behind Me.

The snow has stopped. The rain continued. And I have literary no worries of dying anymore. I have all the food I need and I have my fellow pig Neighbours for protection. At this point I thought I had nothing else to do. So I wanted to start messing with magic! Luckily I found a bunch of collapsed rabbit holes so I caught 4 of them, made a Top Hat and then made the Prestihatitator. The first thing I made with it was the Meat Effigy which pretty much acts as an 2nd chance if you die with the cost of 20% of your total health. But what I really wanted to make was a Fire Staff. But first you needed a Shadow Manipulator. Which are not easy to make due to the fact you need 3 Living logs and 7 Nightmare Fuel. Getting the Nightmare Fuel was easy but getting the Living Logs was a quest in its self. After many days of searching I finally found a Living Tree and got it. Now with my Shadow Manipulator made I needed 1 red gem. So I found graveyard and started digging graves until I got one. Literary the 2nd grave had a red gem. So I was happy. I made my Fire Staff and it was total worth losing lots of my sanity! I burned Bees, Spiders and an ENTIRE FOREST!. So that was fun! and pretty much from then I had a daily life and I left it on day 54. During all of this I happened to find all 4 of the “thing” items to enter a new world. Having explored the entire world and not wanting to stay any longer, I head over to the “Wooden Thing” location. Knowing it is guarded by the Clockwork mobs I of course, yet again, had a pig army!. We made our way over, killed the mobs and I said goodbye to the world and my fellow Pig friends. I have yet to start the new world. 

The End.

I love this game. 10/10
I'll have to preface this review with a simple fact; I'm terrible at Don't Starve. It's a great game, but in a default survival with no cheats singeplayer experience, I'm awful. With that out of the way...

Don't Starve is one of the big daddies of the survival game genre when it was a the fore front of gaming, and for good reason. Challenging yet fair, RNG yet with the illusion of familiarity, and topping it off with a custom mode for the babies like me who are awful at the base game, I can really recommend Don't Starve for newcomers and veterans of the genre alike.

Custom mode, where I spent most of my time, allows you to tinker with the game's settings to either make it harder or easier as you see fit. This is quite an ingenious feature on the devs' part, and it enhances the game experience and makes it feel fresh all over again - with the bonus of turning the experience into utter chaos and have a few short lived minutes of pure terror before you turn it back to the tame-by-comparison default mode.

My gripes are mainly with the game's more finnicky and frustrating mechanics, I always hated the sanity meter and found it mostly annoying with any character and the aforementioned RNG can either help or hinder you - for me. more often than not it hindered.

All in all, I recommend Don't Starve for regulars and newcomers of the genre alike as it offers a firm and adjustable challenge, with a delightfully original art style to boot.
Aside from ridiculously fun gameplay, Don't Starve's art style is eye-candy, reminiscing the feel of a Tim Burton movie adapted into a video game.

Don't Starve doesn't hold your hand at the start. You pretty much figure out what to do by yourself. 
Oh look, that looks edible. And just like that, you could be dead.

It's a trial and error game with a flair of adventure. You could stumble upon something very interesting or dangerous. You may have met your potential pigman allies. Tread carefully as the world of Don't Starve is perilous and unfriendly. Most importantly, don't starve!
You survived for a long time--hundreds, thousands of days?
Your base looked so friggin' nice you took crap load of screenshots of it?
You had all the cool machines and devices you even knew when it's going to rain?
You had plenty of food sources, enough to never leave your base?

Prepare for a stupid, absurdly humiliating death you never saw it coming.

0/10 would fight frogs again.

P.S. [spoiler]I warn you, spoiler below...[/spoiler]

[spoiler]You'd better use grass traps for them greenie meanies.[/spoiler]
Ever had a feeling of utter helplessness? An impending sense of dread? Well if you like pressure, Don't Starve is your game! A bundle of wicked all wrapped up in a funky little art style which we all know and love.

+Like I stated before, these graphics are wonderful, they aren't next gen but they don't need to be. They are like old school Tim Burton and grab your eye like a sexually frustrated teenager grabs a breast; they make this game what it is.

+The game balances a sanbox survival aspect with a real purpose which I won't spoil. In survival games I just feel as though I wander round aimlessly until I inevitably die, with Don't Starve I feel like I am really accomplishing something with every decision I make.

+You get a "keen sense of despair". Like the game says, there really is fear aspect to this game. Every choice is crucial, fraught with unseen consequences. A choice you make 5 minutes into your run could make the difference 50 days in. There are countless terrible creatures out for your blood. One of the worst moments you can experience is in the dead of night as you are racked with pain as insanity takes over. You will hear a child's tune play like that from a Jack-in-a-box. Then you will see an evil shadow hand come to steal your fire and envelop you in darkness.

+It's downright witty and fun.

There are no negatives to Don't Starve: this is game at it's finest. 
-Developers open to suggestion, always adding new and exciting content.
-A welcoming and inspiring community.
-A game that challenges you to think but remains fun.

The only game where shadows can kill you
The only game where going insane can kill you
The only game at launch where having a beard is mythical 
The only game where a flower hat makes you feel better about yourself
The only game where you need a complex metal machine just to make a fence
The only game where it is 2d and drawn but yet is somehow also 3d, while the sprites are all still drawn
The only game where an eyeball grows two dark hairy legs and a beak that pecks you to death
The only game where the main villian is an unlockable character who is just as weak as everyone else
The only game where it is alike to minecraft but at the same time not alike to minecraft
The only game that doesn't disable achievments for using workshop mods
The only game that I came up with a review this long for that just has a bunch of phrases saying the only game over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.... etc
The only game that is constantly up to date and par with its console versions... (other than state of decay and free to play games)
The only game where there is a mod to play as markiplier
The only game that could have millions to trillions of memes for it, yet it doesn't have any 
JUST BUY THIS GAME!
10/10
EDIT: Well looks like wherever I got the multiplayer information from is wrong(?). I have to say the mutliplayer is very fun, however can get tedious with long sessions.

Action packed adventure game. This is probably a more realistic approach to what surviving is really like but with an obvious cartoony visual. This game requires its player to always be thinking about what to do next so that they can always be prepared for a bad situation. Don't Starve is a very fun and feels refreshing each time you play, the characters with unique abilities and the randomised maps help the game stay addictive and attractive for a long time. It has an absoultely huge variety of gameplay and things to do and explore.

I would have to say the only two cons there are with this game are there is absolutely no chance of multiplayer (apparently something with the scripting idk) and that if you get ambushed by monsters, all your hard work will literally just disappear, aka sometimes its just too easy to die.

9.2/10 definently my favourite indie game at the moment
An awesome art style like if it was made by Tim Burton himself, an amazing OST in one of the most creepy open world games.

[h1]Pros[/h1]
[olist]
[*]Immersive is one of the worlds that describe this game.
[*]An art style that makes you remember the Tim Burton movies, pretty well realized.
[*]The soundtrack is amazing and fit with the world in a outstanding way.
[*]Gameplay simple but well realized.
[*]Pretty original.
[*]Enjoyable and variated Characters.
[*]Lots of amazing mods.
[/olist]
[h1]Cons[/h1]
[olist]
[*]Doesn't have a Tutorial.
[*]Its trial and error, and unforgiving, if you die you lose all.
[/olist]
A really great game, if you like open world survival games this game is for you, and its not like the other games of the genre, this will give you a lot of surprises, especially if you lose your sanity.
This is my first review ever in steam. I think my hours in this game express more than anything i can possible say.

Amazing Artwork / Animations
Amazing Sandbox / Survival type of game
Endless fun and salt

Thank you Klei for this masterpiece.
Don't starve is a game that really grew on me.
It seemed very unforgiving at first, but when i learned my way around it, it felt very rewarding. 

Then, just then i realized how challenging this game really is. I felt like i really had accomplished something.
It wasn't just delivered to me with flashy signs or arrows that indicated what i should do or when.

And this is without saying how beautiful the art and the music are in this game, which is only a plus side to the amazing gameplay that was carefully crafted.

Is it worth buying? Yeah, i don't know, can you handle being challenged to a frustration point? Because unless you took a look into the game's code, getting around the situations you will be put in, on the first attempt, will be extremely hard.
And if you care so much about beating a game like i do, you will get mad.

Personally, i feel like this game changed the way i see things, that the weird and bitter sometimes can become your biggest passion.


Although I only [i] purchased [/i] Don't Starve recently, I have been following it's development since shortly after release. I had always been fond of it, but playing it was far better than I could have imagined.

Don't Starve has won a very special place in my heart. So much that I even bothered with a review.
One of my favourite titles of all time.

[b][i]Can't be  Recommended Highly Enough[/i][/b]
An unforgiving perma-death survival game with a Tim Burton aesthetic that rewards planning and management. A beef jerky you reluctantly ate on day 10 can lead to your demise on day 30. Features a diverse range of characters to play and a great modding community that promotes replayability. Who would have thought we'd see an indie survival game that actually functions properly. Now with multiplayer!
Gave pigmen food
Pigmen followed me
Walked to spiders
Spiders attacked me
Pigmen attack spiders
Big [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/jackjss/screenshots/?appid=219740]fight[/url]
Everything dies
Collect loot
10/10 would lead pigmen to death again
>Join server
>See huge base
>Two players run at me with spears
>>>Friendly, I say<<<
>Instantly get impaled

>Am Ghost
>Float around 
> See mushroom next to their base
>Decide to haunt
>Start a fire
>Oshit.jpg
>IT catches on fire
>Tree catches on fire
>Base catches on fire
>Players catch on fire
>Players die from fire consuming their evil souls

>I am dead
>Players are dead
>Base is dead

?//noone alive on server

1337/69 would sp00k again
A surprisingly immersive and aesthetic game that is effortless to get into and play for hours on end. It's entertaining for hardcore gamers and casual gamers alike and as much as it is engaging to play alone, it is also fun to play alongside others even without DST. I can easily run it on a laptop not built for any type of gaming which is a huge plus especially for a game so well rounded. This is one that I recommend anyone curious to try out at least once because the odds seem to definitely be in favour of your liking it. Please be warned that it is extremely addictive. Those who have enjoyed Minecraft or frequent games where the object is building or/and surviving etc will be thrilled with Don't Starve. Have fun! ;)
There's a definite element of horror to survival games. It could be the fear of a wild animal tearing apart your fragile corner of civilization, or simply the sickening realization that you planned poorly and you're going to starve to death. Don't Starve capitalizes on both of these fears and more, pitting you against a stretch of nature that isn't just inhospitable, but actively seeks your destruction. And if that sounds stressful and downright painful at times, you should have a good idea of what you're getting into.

Don't Starve starts you off with a spread of characters to choose from (with more to unlock) and world customization options, and then deposits you into an isometric wilderness. Just about every object in the world is interactable and will become important to your survival and prosperity, but the initial steps are simple enough. Flint and twigs make tools for chopping wood and mining stone, which can be refined further into building materials that unlock new equipment options. You'll be setting up fully-featured camps but be aware that cabins and castles aren't in the cards... the best you can do is walls and some simple flooring.

This feeling of permanent exposure is important to the atmosphere, because you are never fully safe in this cruel world. There's a pervasive sense of ancient evil to everything, from the twisted trees to the dead-eyed spiders to the writhing tentacles beneath the marshes. One key to survival is light, because without it the pitch-black night is certain death. I'm not just waxing poetic here, if you get caught in the dark for more than about five seconds, you die. But even a roaring campfire is no guarantee that marauding wolves, angry frogs, or far larger things won't end your life.

Death is where the real tension of the game is, because death is permanent. No do-overs, no checkpoints, no reloads. When you die, that character and that world are gone. Now, permadeath has proven to work for short roguelikes but a game where you spend hours exploring a world and building a settlement is a whole different ballgame, and it's here that Don't Starve threatens to lose most of its audience. Dying in this game really, really, [i]really[/i] sucks, because it's always from something perfectly avoidable, comes so quick, and wipes out literal hours of progress.

So why beat your head against this game? Because as long as you DON'T die, it's an excellent survival simulator. You'll never reach a point where you're fully comfortable in the world, and there are always greater beasts and scarier places to overcome. Even the most basic materials remain relevant as your mastery over the land grows, and while you gain new ways to make gathering resources quick and painless, you still have survival tasks to complete. Eventually you'll be cultivating farms, researching artifacts, and preparing for harsh winters, all of which are involved and gratifying goals.

You'll have to deal with some trial and error in finding the best ways to survive and use what you find, and that can mean some frustration as you learn to deal with food spoiling or beekeeping or other surprisingly lethal pastimes. But once you do there's a big, strange world to explore, and that's really only the beginning. There's a story mode hidden out there in the wilds that you'll only find once you master survival, and getting through THAT is its own grand adventure. Wrapped up as it is in charming hand-drawn graphics and rich sound design, there's plenty to keep you invested in Don't Starve. It's a game that asks for a lot of patience and understanding, but it's one of the few that really earn it, too.



Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them at https://goldplatedgames.com/ or on my [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/audish#curation]curation page[/url]!
Great gameplay, every time I play I see something new!
I think more people should try it out because Don't Starve Together is going to be so much fun!
I love this game. <3
^_^
Day 1: What are all of these buttons for?
Day 2: Attacked a bee hive and barely made it out.
Day 3: Man, this is simple.
Day 5: Man, this is complicated.
Day 7: NEED.....FOOOD.....
Day 8: Think I'm starting to lose my mind. Why is everything so dark?
Day 9: *Ate a raw mushroom - died from insanity*

This was all on a live stream. 10/10 would starve again.

If you like hard, stressful, moody games, Don't Starve is for you.

The rogue-like qualities of permadeath and procedurality have spread far and wide, and now we have Don't Starve, a survival game with a Tim Burton-esque aesthetic that demands you navigate a hostile world of unforgiving plants and wildlife. And then, come nightfall, deal with monsters.

This game is equal parts stressful and fun. In directly proportional amounts.

The lack of achievements just goes to show the game's focus: You can play this game however you want, change the spawning rate of specific plants and critters, the length of seasons, all of which would undermine achievements and their place in the community. But could make the game more fun, if you want to enjoy it that way.

KLEI seems intent on polishing a single aspect of a game in each release, SHANK the action, Mark of the Ninja the stealth, and now Don't Starve the procedurality. Their previous games were tightly focused and linearly designed, but here we have something almost infinitely replayable. And incredibly unforgiving.

Crafting, managing resources, and carefully avoiding conflict mean that long term you might manage to erect a homestead with a farm and wander the world with a loyal pet. More likely you'll die trying instead.

But I like that. If you do, too, then this's for you.
Story Of My gameplay
funniest moments of Don't Starve
Day1:Torch ran out of fire Me:it so dark a strange sound got hit half hp GONE try to make tourch no resources strange sound again bam i dead
Death Reason dead by darkness ME:WTF How?!?! What is this nonsense Bullshiet Raging
Day9:Hounds attacked 2 hounds attracked me i kill 1 2nd almost killed Axe was ran resources i try to make other axe hound bitten me DEAD
Day15:I only eat fruits and carrots saw several pigs i wanted meat i started the fight Other Pigs attacked me to DEAD
Day25:Ohhh Shiet Winter not mutch food i did not know how to build a basemant and i did not have winter clothes Died From Cold And Starvation
Day27:i Survive winter andthe spring Summer Coming Ohhh Shiet i did not know how to prepare for summers overheating dying starving and going insane

literally Starve Freeze Overheating Losing sanity Going Insane/10
An excellent and immersive game that just goes on and on. At first everything is new and exciting. Then you THINK you know the game. Then you realize you didn't know as much as you thought. Expect endless amounts of fun!
Don't starve is the easiest part in this game.
Don't get bitten, don't burn, don't freeze, don't be friendly with the frog... But do try to survive and make awesome base in process ;)

And it got Hamlet now. This game just keeps getting better and better <3
This game is a work of art. It is the Mona Lisa of indie games. I could never have imagined such an engaging single player experience, even having played hundreds of games in my life.

Warning: if you're a student, it's probably in your  best interest NOT to play this until you're on some kind of... rather extended vacation. Trust me.
Fun and obscure, survive as many days as possible. Passing through the seasons, including a harsh winter that will kill him cold!

Varied characters with unique characteristics facilitate their adaptation to the game. From various animals, such as rabbits common to more rare and buffaloes. Of course, without leaving out a dear friend and companion Chester.

The gameplay is very simple and easy to understand, which can complicate a bit is the selection of items. Many materials and raw materials that you collect throughout the day, and this opens up new combinations and creating tools to help you on this journey. Worth it if you're a fan of survival kits.

So buy this game as soon as possible and test how many days you managed to survive 20? 100? 1000? ...

One of my favorite survival games. Best part is that it is acutally pretty challenging, just struggling with starvation, monsters and other threats in the world. Loving every aspect of this game. Would strongly recommend.
You know that saying "Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong"? Yeah, that happens alot in this game.

In the middle of the night by a fire and chopping down trees for more wood? Oh, hello Tree Guardian, didn't see you there.

Running from a pack of hounds? Oh - Log suit - You broke? Brilliant timing.

Think you can take down that Merm House? Didn't know you could fit that many Merms in there.

Straving? That is the least of your worries.

It's not just anything that can go wrong will go wrong in this game folks, In this game everything that can go wrong will go wrong all at once. 


Well... This game is a survival (Nothing new) with a great story, for me the art style is awesome and the characters are thoughtful. Ah! and the sountrack is really good.

And... I-I... Just like this game, and Willow... And set things on f-fire...
10/10 would recommend. Have begun to play it again having forgot everything, and with all the changes it is super difficult to get back into the swing of it- which makes it a brilliant challenge.
So the winter is almost over, and thanks to the crook pot I'm doing pretty good.
And then the hounds came.

I heard their houls in advance and prepared myself to deal with them by equiping my spear and grass armor.
The beasts arrived and they numbered at least 6.
The ghost of my dead sister tried protecting me but the beasts overwhelmed her, but not before she took down 2 of them.
Unwilling to give up I ran a short way to a pack of Beefalos. I kited the hounds tru the pack and made them fight each others.

I survived the hounds, but how long will it be until something else gets the best of me?

----

This game is AMAZING!
It's hard, but with knowledge you can survive.
I feel that there is little luck involved. Either you learn how to survive or the game will eat your character.

The graphics are AWESOME!
I love the "Tim Burton style" and the creepy victorian feel!

I bought this game at a Christmas sale and I recomend you do the same.
TL;DR: skip to the verdict at the bottom

This game is a masterpiece. It truly shines in comparison to the other modern survival games.The art style really fits with the game's setting, making for one of the best immersion experiences out there.Other survival games *cough* The Forest *cough* give you a handful of starting items and tips when you press the magnificent "new game" button.Well,no,♥♥♥♥ you, The Forest.In Don't Starve,you are told literally NOTHING about the enviroments that surround you,what can kill you, or what is edible.It is the authentic survival experience, where you wake up in the middle of nowhere, with absolutely no idea of what you are going to do next.That brings me to the learning curve. It is a really harsh and unforgivable one (Dark Souls style),but once you get used to it, and that should be after your first 5 worlds created, you will get the hang of what's what in the world of Don't Starve.Heat kills you, hunger kills you,spiders kill you,pretty much never ask yourself the question "what does that thing do?".You will regret it a short 10 seconds afterwards.Where the gameplay can't do the job, atmosphere is further more created by the Tim Burton-ish twisted art style,with a slight touch of a cartoon character design.This game is also a true teacher. In my humble 30-ish hours of trying not to starve, I learned that frustration never leads to something good,so don't get mad the first 5 times when you die,it's part of the game, and it's a healthy method of learning the ropes and the mechanics.Basically, the trial and error system would be the best description of your first playthroughs.The game is full of new content, it makes sure that you always discover something just when you tought that there couldn't be more to it, so don't worry, it is NOT a short game, nor one with an empty open world.The DLC, Reign of Giants and Shipwrecked, expand the content of it to whole new levels,easily adding 60 more hours of gameplay to the 50-ish of the original content and the 100+ ones that mods add, and (I can't believe I'm saying it), they are worth their full price.


Verdict: If you want a serious survival game with tons of content and an expansive open world, tough with a harsh learning curve, but that is worth your time, Don't Starve is perfect for you.Actually,scratch that,Don't Starve is for you no matter what kind of survival game you are looking for.Just try it,because I'm giving it a 10/10.
A compelling blend of rogue-like and survival genres combined with refreshing isometric graphics, Don't Starve does have a campaign just in case you ever get bored in survival mode.

My YouTube Review: https://youtu.be/URMuktYQz6k
[h1] One of my favourite game [/h1]

[u] There is several things you need to do: [/u]

1. Don't forget to eat
2. Stay in the light
3. Prepared for incoming stupid boar
4. Find a food before dark
5. Do not forget to sleep
6. Store a lot of food for winter
7. Always preparing for your next winter
8. Always pick green mushroom, cook it and eat it for your sanity
9. Always have backup light for your adventure
10. From all of the above, find a good place to build your home

[b] YOUR LIFE DEPENDING ON HOW YOU SURVIVING [/b]
Simply, wow!  First look at the game, I loved the whimsical, gothy caricature artwork of the characters and environment.  I didn't survive the first night because I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do.  Round two, I lasted about 3 days.  I would have lived longer had I not gotten too much into exploration mode.

Don't Starve is a quite the time/resource management game packaged into such a casual looking box.  It's quite complex.  With each time you die, based off of how long you survive, you earn experience points which helps unlock a new character to play with, each with their own quirks and personalities.

I highly recommend this game and can not wait until they release the multiplayer version!
I definitely highly recommend this. So, lets get into it

Graphics: To someone it may look "weird" but for me its unique and beautiful (I just like this style) Also, some pretty funny textures there, you will giggle, I promise. 9/10

Gameplay: Game is challenging and hard. And unforgiving. But, you can customise your world settings so you can start with a generous world and learn the mechanics. Or you can jump right into the hardest diffuculty and get your butt kicked pretty hard. Also it has so many features, so many mechanics, great advanture mode, theres just ALWAYS something new to do. 10/10

Soundtrack: Simply Beautiful. 10/10

Machine requirements: Basically none, thats the thing. This game is really not hard to run. (Not gonna give any number, just stating this fact)

Price: Well.... This is a hard one. I guess it could be a little bit lower. BUT I would definitely buy it. I have 100 hours and still playing, still coming back to it, still trying new things, and STILL learning A LOT about the game. After 100 hours, Im still learning, thats what I love on this game. So yeah. Buy it. In sale ? Even better, buy it !

Overall: One of my favs. 10/10 :)

PS: Buy DLC's as well, they are really good - personaly I recommend Shipwrecked first, that one's just awesome :)


This game is extremly fun to play!  At first it may seem difficult and hard to understand, but after a few tries (And deaths), you will gain experience on what items to craft, what foods are safe to eat and how to defend yourself from predators. This game offers players to use their survival instincts to the extreme. You must be smart, be fast, be efficient, be brave. For any wrong move can be fatal, and as always, Don't Starve!
Dont starve is a unforgettable gaming experience. This game has suprises round every corner that will drive you to the edge of rage. Make your base as strong as you want....Death is inevitable. This is a game where shit hits the fan every day, So good luck and "Dont Starve"
Don't Starve is the kind of game with a steep learning curve, and a process of discovery which can only truly 8e analysed through trial and error. This is a recurring theme, too, as the Game is permanently Permadeath, and is incredibly unforgiving. Admittedly, I did only get this game for the pre-order Hats for tf2, but I must say I haven't been disappointed. Don't Starve is small and easy to run on even the oldest computers, and a good way to pass the time if you are unfortunate to not have access to multiplayer games (Like me ;-;). The design scheme is sinister and eerie, but never actually scary. The game is all about surviving, and is more about managing resources than anything. Multiplayer was always a heated de8ate, 8ut finally the developers have decided to add it to the game, finally. So, with more DLCs and Multiplayer to look forward to, the game is only getting 8etter
I absolutely love this game. It is my new go-to-game. This game has a Tim Burton feel to it, which is awesome. You can even customize your own world. If you like survival games with a creepy atmosphere, this is the perfect game. I can't wait til the multiplayer is released.

Such a fun great game, Lots to explore, The rogue like design can kind of suck but you also gain experience to unlock other new characters which makes up for it. Best of luck to those who wish to deal their hand at it.
This game is the epitome of obscenity. It starts off innocent enough, promising a nice "build-to-survive" experience, until you glance at the clock and realise you've lost most your day. 

It takes a fair bit to get into the swing of things, having to learn how to play from scratch as there is absolutely no hand-holding in this game. But it still somehow remains simple enough to grasp quickly, and yet complicated enough that you continue to discover new things with each play. 

First time I managed to work out how to not die immediately, I lasted 16 days, until death by giant bees. The rage I felt to then have to start again, from scratch, in a new completely randomly generated world left me unable to keep playing. And yet, same time the following day I had returned, if not out of desire to play, as much as a desire to flip the birds at this game, so that it knows it has not beaten me yet. 

Highly addictive, very engrossing, and overall just a really awesome concept. I definately would recommend this game.
It will ruin your life. Your withered husk will melt into the computer chair and it will be with the last wisp of willpower that you'll manage to direct your trembling skeletal hand to uninstall it, freeing you from this torment. You will be free. You will finally be able to get up and go to the bathroom.
It's very good, is what I'm saying.
I blink. I appear in a strange new world only to be suddenly confonted by a sleek man wearing a rather dapper suit and top hat! I was confused and scared, yet somehow comforted by the man, probably due to the strong sence of security he held. I could roughly make out the words: "Say pal, you don't look so good." "You'd better find something to eat before night comes!" his figure then swiftly decended into the ground in a puff of smoke. I trembled, I had somehow braised my knee, as I rose to my feet, my head dizzy and aching. i didn't have a clue how I got here, I only knew that I had to find some food and some supplies to make it through the night. Frantically, I began to run across the luscious meadow in search of some food that I could ravage.

After what seemed hours, I finally spotted a bush that contained some sort of red, exotic berry that I could pick. As I approched the bush It became clear to me that the berries could be poisonous, despite their decieving looks. However as I looked up to the sky and took a glimpse of the savage birds circling me, I saw that the only viable option, and inevitable, was to rob the bush of its resources. I reached for the crimson berries, my mouth watering, when out of the blue a majestic turkey looking creature sprung from the bush, stole the berries and made its escape with great speed. I set off to chase the gobbler, that is what I had come to call it due to its adept ability to steal berries, however realising it was beyond my reach, I took off in another direction looking for another cache of food. 

Hours later the sun began to set and the birds flew away to some distant land as if they were afraid of something. I had aquired a vast quantity of sticks, flintstones and grass tufts on my travels, but still no food. I had lost all hope on finding any source of sustenance and my chances of survival, yet the image of the dark, sleek man was the coal in the furnace of my shrivelled body. Suddenly a rare sight in this harsh world: a dead rabbit; mine for the taking. I lifted its limp corpse as saliva built up in my mouth. It was time. Without realising, a dark blanket covered the sky in a matter of seconds, envoloping my body in total darkness. But I didn't care. I became a feral beast and ripped into the lifeless rabbit with my teath, tearing its flesh from its body. However I felt a tickle on my leg, something had brushed passed me. I took no notice and continued with my soul rejuvenating meal. Before I realised my legs were ripped out of their sockets, cold blood splattering across my face. I screamed for help, but only recieved the soft, lonely chirping of the crows. I lay there for a few seconds reviewing the few hours I had lived, cuddling what was left of my rabbit, before my head was pulled from my neck in a slight struggle. In my last few seconds all I heard were the wicked screeches of the wind and the laughing of the dark, sleek man.

Brilliant game with a fantastic community, I love this game and is one of my all time games. I can't wait for the multiplayer and some more awesome things that klei will produce. 10/10
So far my favorite game ever. TF2 coming in at a close second, this game. THIS GAME. I cannot express how awesome and entertaining this is, and just to top it off it's easy and fun to mod! (I modded the game myself, not so much now) The amount of content those updates in those 6 months of free updates was just immense. The fact we HAD updates for 6 months is amazing in itself, and now we're getting a DLC! I cannot wait for the amount of content that'll probably overwhelm me... BUY. THIS. GAME.
very good game with a lot of content to spend time exploring and experimenting with. please ignore negative reviews mentioning anything about a removed character, as you might notice the people making those don't usually have many hours and refuse to understand that the character was mostly removed because he was not a good addition to the Hamlet DLC gameplay-wise.
"So much to do, so much to see"

Don't Starve is a beautiful challenging survivor indie game.
In this game you explore the world and craft different things and of course don't die.
This game is also little bit humorous and it keeps getting updates, so it's fun to play and it has many hours of gameplay.
In Don't Starve there is currently 9 different characters (11 if you buy the Reign of giants DLC) with their own unique abilities.
When you die you can always start a new save with a different character, and the world is always different.
You get to play as a resolute survivor who must fend themself in an unforgiving world full of vicious and malicious creatures, such as miniscule frogs.
Except for the fact that you already know this game is great, I love how in the character selection menu the description of Wilson says "gentleman scientist" but he's choking the shit out of that chicken.
I love this game so much, Shipwrecked is my favourite but Hamlet is quickly taking its place. The game is great and each DLC offers a new experience, it is like 3 games in one game. I feel sorry for anyone who doesn't own this or get to experience it and those not interested that do not know what they are missing out on.
I never thought so many things can kill you in so many creative ways :) 

Really enjoyable experience, beautiful artstyle, nice humor and interesting environment. The very beginning is always hard, but eventually you get better and feel real satisfaction from your improvement. Even when you have full build camp, and fridge filled to the brim, always can happen something that can crush your hopes and dreams, and this is the true beauty of this game for me :)
This game is great already I've only played 3 hours but planning to do LOTs more the game is great the game maker thing is super easy to use thumbs up  👍👍👍👍
this game is wild. i was surviving winter all fun and what not then some one-eyed freak came over and nearly destroyed my base, i lead him to the hound traps where he nearly died. at this point i was starting to freeze. so i went to the swamp where there was these reeds, but there was so much tentacles. i lead him over there and the tentacles started to attack him. the tentacles froze and he killed most of them except for like 3. i nearly froze to death by fighting a cyclops. 
10/10
- Appear in world. Walk around picking flowers not knowing what to do. Night comes. Die. 
Try again.
- Appear in world. Walk around picking grass and sticks. Make torch. Night comes. Survive until sunrise. Run into a spider, attack it, get mobbed. Die.
You don't win at this game, you just get a little better every time. 
Surprisingly fun survival game where you have to figure out what to do on your own with no explanation whatsoever. Great art style and varied playable characters that make each playthrough unique.
It can feel a bit frustrating in the beginning but it's very rewarding to defeat an enemy that previously killed you or overcome a hazard that led to your death in a previous playthrough.
The SJWs have determined that you can no longer be an "explorer."

Removing a character for being "culturally problematic" is the fastest way to earn a negative review from me.
It is not intuitive, it is difficult, there is no in-game guide, you will die a lot and will have to start all over and then: it is repetitive and boring after being repetitive following being boring after which it is definitely repetitive and boring and then repetitive and boring and will be stay repetitive and boring until the end - see if you like that. It its allowed to cheat but then it still is boring. And the artwork is amazing? No I don't think so. However, a great many people like this game, so don't let my review stop you and give it a try.
I wanted to like this game: it's from a favorite developer, Klei, and its great artstyle is a door into a different world than we usually see in gaming. When Minecraft and Terraria still relied on players consulting external resources in their browser, Don't Starve integrated recipe knowledge, with a host of benefits.

Indeed, I enjoyed Don't Starve for a while, but ultimately I just couldn't keep going because of the combination of trial-and-error gameplay (mistakes, often due to game mechanics being introduced, of which there is plenty, are usually deadly), and the sheer, lengthy repetition that is intrinsic to starting a new game.

Dying in this game is not fun, the game is long enough to make death a costly enough mistake, and unlike other rogue-lites, there is no unlock or reward to impart a sense of progression even in defeat.

Don't Starve clearly has found an adoring audience, and I'm happy about that; for the prospective buyer, though, it's a matter of knowing whether they can live with the issue outlined above.
Devs removed a character for being a "culturally problematic" caricature.

His "problematic" stereotype was that of a British explorer.

Drinking tea and saying "chap" is now racist apparently.
Hamlet is not doing so well at the moment. 

1. There is a serious problem with infinitely spawning enemies. This means that once you visit a part of the map maybe you don't go into very often, you can quite literally get swarmed by hundreds of bug monsters. This means FPS drops, and a good chance of ending your run on top of that through combat even if you can tolerate the FPS drop.

2. They just removed the character Warbucks from the game. At first they claimed he was "uninteresting", but eventually admitted he was "culturally problematic" in a game filled with murderers, arsonists, and psychopaths. I don't appreciate being lied to initially, and I don't appreciate inconsistency and hypocrisy as well.

I would avoid the game for the time being. It's not worth it when the time you've invested in the game can be suddenly marred by unexpected, and unwarranted, changes to characters, as well as fundamental game problems in terms of performance and quality of game play with regards to the infinite spawning enemies (which the developers insist don't need to be addressed directly, but can be solved simply by "optimization," yet the problem still persists).
The Developer Klei has recently removed a character named Warbucks in their upcoming game Dont Starve Hamlet  for being a colonizer which they consider problematic.  And yet they are still advertising him on their videos.  I believe a company like that is not worth doing business with no matter the quality of their games. Its important for buyers of this game to know this is the type of company they are giving their hard earned money to. I believed this game (the original Dont Starve) to be  moderately fun and yet  I regret buying due to the aforementioned reasons. And for that I must give this game, this company, and their political agenda a big thumbs down. I will not be helping them spread their propaganda with my hard earned money ever again.
"Problematic"

The word KLEI used to describe a character they unceremoniously ripped from this game, a character many of us enjoyed, which they now expect us to use super buggy mod system to keep playing.  This is the straw that breaks the camel's back.

This is a fun game.  This is an addictive game.  The developers of this game however, are absolutely incompetent.  Bugs come up regularly that would have been noticed by even the most absolutely basic playtesting, they just "added" a new character that literally crashed the game the moment it encountered one of the most common enemy mobs in the expansion the character comes with, this shows that they literally do not even have a QA department.  This has been a recurring theme for this developer the last couple years with this game, they spend all their time making part time "events" that do nothing for the overall games, they ignore bugs that you literally cannot avoid running into with any sort of play testing, and now they just completely rip out a character entirely, ostensibly because someone complained that the character could in theory be considered a racist stereotype(it really can't, is Jumanji a racist movie now?).

I would not recommend this or any other KLEI game, they cannot be trusted as an "indie developer" and in fact make them look bad by comparison, we need them to realize this so perhaps they learn a thing or two, this ship needs to be sunk.

Go find another indie dev that cares what their fans want, you will end up much happier for it.


I have less content for a game I own suddenly, Because someone got offended.  Get ready for people to find more things about the game offensive, and Devs to continue to cave, robbing you of more and more content that you paid for.
Where do I start?

I guess the art direction...


The art direction, first and foremost, is absolutely amazing. Huge props to the art team and devs making it. Its one of the most asthetically pleasing thing I've seen. What isn't pleasing, is the first real-time hour when you start.

So you start. Boring cutscene aside, you are met in a seemingly natural enviorment. You start gathering twigs. You yawn. You continue collecting.  Your eyes flutter, like a butterfly...Snooooore. 

That half-baked metaphor is about how the first second you spawn in, the gameplay is a drag to work through. Constantly collecting, grinding, and killing things isn't gameplay. Gameplay is being sucked into a completely strange world and being there, sucked in like a vacuum, and occasionaly leaving. Gameplay isn't "Ok, go here. Grab that. Hit that a few times. rinse and repeat.". Gameplay is always a 3-way-cycle of going somewhere, grabbing something, and killing something in this game.

And your next nemesis, alongside rinse and repeat gameplay, is perma death. Sure, you can save after each day, but thats for leaving, not exactly much else. Wait.... Unability to save you game to make sure you can live, and permadeath...

[b]Those don't go together...[/b]

So your constantly in a state of either "Well, I go here and die or go here and die." or "Time to start over!" You are always unable to do anything but that three-way-cycle and decking yourself in armor, but its always useless because when you encounter a new enemy, you don't know if its balanced and fair or just "I sneezed SO hard you turned into dust!". And its even MORE useless because it never matters because you can just make one wrong step and go down a pitfall of lack of resources, dying, and constant enemies that utterly destroy you and your base. Perma death and being unable to save is a HELL-MARCH for disaster. 

Combat is often a chore, too, either rapidly clicking/holding Mouse 1 on an enemy is totally engaging combat. Sure, you can get close to dying and say "WOAH DAT WAZZA CLOSE ONE!!!111121!!!" for your youtube channel, but its almost never like that. Your chances are: 

Die
Win
Almost Die But Win

There is NEVER any "I lost, but I'll bounce back!" in this game. Its all repetitive, three-way-cycle, "click mouse 1 to win!" bull****

Overall, your biggest  chance to actually win legitametaly is nigh-impossible, and your only good way of being able to win is decking out in full armor and weapons.

Crafting is a huge chore, and often requires:

Resources that aren't there
Resources that are needed but are in some place that is nonexistant, and-or completely unexplored and filled with 30 clockwork bishops that look at you funny and your head explodes.
Resources that are needed but are in a place that requires that resource to go into (e.g catch 22)

This game is a clusterfffff-truck and its the CORE!


Overall, this games really unpolished.


Feel free to debate in the comments! Tell me if I was right, if I was wrong, if I should go staple my balls to the ceiling and hang myself off a ceiling fan.
