I just recently finished Half-Life 2, for the second time.  The first was some time ago.  But this time, finishing the game was different.  My daughter watched me play through the game, always pointing out little things.  After I completed the game, she said "Dad, I really liked watching you play Half-Life 2"  And I said "I know, it was fun, but now it's over and I will be playing something else."  She looked at me, full of innocence, and said, "Well, maybe you can get Half-Life 3, and I can watch you play it?"  I looked at her, moisture rimming my eyes, and said, "I don't think that is going to happen hun, there isn't a Half-Life 3, and likely won't ever be."  I will give this game a recommend, because it is amazing.  But with no closure in sight, it's a difficult decision.  All I can say is:

"Wake up, Mr. Freeman"
This one of the best first person shooter games I've ever played, plain and simple.

Half Life 2 begins 20 years after the original Half Life. As Gordon Freeman awakens from stasis he finds himself on a train heading to City 17 which is overrun by the combine. You find yourself as the leader of the resistance and you must take down the Combine. 

Half Life 2 is at this point one of the best received games and I'm sure pretty much everyone has played it. If not well what the hell are you doing reading this review ? You need to go buy this game straight away and play it right now.

The game is a simple first person shooter, but it does plenty things different than the regular first person shooters. You have a health bar and you have to do platforming to solve some of the puzzles.  Not to mention the source engine physics are absolutely insane. 

For a game that came out back in 2004 it still looks amazing. Now while it does have so low res textures it's still looks breath taking, like in the final chapters.

The game for the most part is pretty easy. I played through the game without a problem, even though some segments were tough due to the fast movement you have to pull off to avoid gunfire. Not to mention the Strider battles are incredibly intense and quite difficult.

The game took me 10 hours to finish. I felt this was the perfect amount of time for the price I paid for it and this was worth every single penny.

Apart from the single playthrough there's not much replay value. The only reason to replay it twice is to look for the G-Man Easter eggs. 

In the end Half Life 2 is a fantastic game. It's a must own for everyone who is a gamer. This game is a piece of history and without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played in my entire life.

I experienced zero problems while playing the game. I ran the game on ultra settings 60 FPS the entire time of playing. This game runs really well and should run on pretty much all systems.

Final Rating:
9.5/10 -  A Must own and must play

If you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you disliked post in the comments what you disliked about the review.

For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator page [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/snortsreviews#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!
I was 12 years old. 

My uncle (HAI ALLAN) built me a computer, my family didn't have internet and we booted up steam at his house installed Half Life 2 and checked the box to boot in offline mode. STEAM IS STILL UPDATING YAY.

I had an AMD Athlon 64 Dual Core (HOLY SHIT), it might have been my uncles old Voodoo Geforce 3, I can't remember, a whole 1 GB of RAM (He was super jelly lol it was Geil memory which served me well). I also had a 12GB HDD (might be wrong on that) and an Iiyama 1280x1024 native CRT! I was ready to play the greatest game of my life.

The second I saw G-mans face was just... I had never seen animations like it. DAT LIP SYNCING. Dem loading screens though.

Here I am 13 years later. 13. Years. Later. Im fucking 26 with 2 kids.

I play the series once a year as is my tradition and I will always remember fondly that time with my uncle loading Half Life 2. The Half Life 2. I could even tell you the clothes I was wearing.

Fantastic game and many cherished memories.
[h1]Classic shooter nearly ten years old[/h1]

It might seem weird to dedicate a review to a game that came out on november 16th, 2004. Still, [i]Half-Life 2[/i] is no "ordinary" game. Even before it's release, it was the most talked about, and surely most anticipated game up till then. Back in 2004, Valve was still primarily a game-developer, Steam had only just been launched in order to streamline the updating-process for the Valve-games (quite an original and ground-breaking idea since back in those day patching one's game could easily turn into a hazardous adventure). Immediately after its release, [i]Half-Life 2[/i] was loaded with critical praise, and almost instantly rose to the top of all lists defining the best games ever. And even today, after ten years, it still tops a lot of those lists.

I played it for the first time only five years ago, messing around with the original [i]Half-Life[/i] up till then. Five years ago, the game struck me as still very good-looking and a blast to play, even being five years old. Quite recently I picked it up again, to be honest in the first place to get some of the achievements I had missed during my first play-through (I only got really interested in the Steam achievements this year). To my surprise, the game immediately got back under my skin, so I decided to give it another play-through, and I enjoyed it immensely, hence this review.

Of course the [b]Source Engine[/b] shows its age: up-close textures get quite blurry, but the wider vistas are still amazingly "alife", and the colours and general atmosphere are still exciting. The physics engine - a novelty back then - now surely feels outdated, even crappy, but playing around with the famous "gravity gun" makes more than up for this, and surely has its funny moments. But in every other respect, this game is a classic and a masterpiece in the true sense of the word. The story is so convincingly told, that I felt myself beeing "Doctor Freeman" again, already during the first chapter (which introduces the gameworld in a very ingenious way which has not been surpassed ever since). The level-design is simply awesome. Compared to modern-day shooters, the interface and the amount of information about the surroundings you get as a player, are minimal. There is no minimap, there are no waypoints, there is no compass, there is no large-scale map. And still, I never ever got lost, thanks to the downright genial way the levels are designed. Still, the amount of freedom you get is great: there are tons of hidden places, byways, or larger spaces to explore, besides the more traditional corridors, but they always manage to lead you in a logical way. This game offers the classic examples on how levels can be optimally designed.

Sound, too, is amazing: there is not much in-game music, but when it appears (mostly in the action-packed scenes), it really delivers to the full. Sounds from the guns, NPC's and ambient sounds are extremely convincing. But what still shines most of all is the actual gameplay and the way this games is "paced". Sneaky, almost stealth-like scenes alternate with extremely violent action-moments, in a very, very clever way, only to be alternated with puzzles and other moments where thinking is required. The choice of the right gun at the right time is essential, and very rewarding. There is a lot of interaction with other characters, but never up till the point where this gets tedious. And best of all: there are countless moments of surprise, when the story takes a turn for the unexpected. So, yes, this is still a classic, and yes, it's still up there among the best games ever (although I personally would grant it a top-five place or so, the top-three spots taken by more recent "classics").

For my scorings, I give them as I conceived the game during my actual playthrough, so not taking into account it's a ten year old game.

Gameplay: 27/30 (there are some frustrating puzzles and some weird moments with the gravity-gun but everything else is sheer genius)
Grahics: 15/20 (the outer vistas are great, the rest is showing its age)
Sound: 9/10
Longelivety: 8/10 (no multiplayer, but the game has tons of singleplayer gameplay)
Steam integration: 10/10 (it comes with trading cards and 33 achievements, most of which really add something to game, if only to explore different ways to achieve things - the way achievements should work imo)
Technical: 9/10 (runs very smoothly and I got no crashes, but sometimes hangs for a couple of seconds on loading screens)
Personal appreciation: 10/10

Overall: 88/100
Do you like any of the following in gaming?
- Valve
- Zombies
- First-Person Shooters
- Great Storylines
- Puzzles
- Beating the sh*t out of your enemies
- Easter Eggs
- Airboats
- Jeeps
- Operating Cranes
- Jumpscares (That one Zombie in the crate)
- Confusion
- Puzzles that are so easy, that when you finally figure out the answer, you feel dumb as hell
- Guns
- Saving the universe from aliens, zombies, and combine troops
- Helicopters
- Dropships
- Headcrabs
- Crowbars
- Feeling like you are an MLG Pro
- Blowing things up
- Pressing Buttons (Very little :\)
- Amazing Graphics
- Good FPS
- Horror
- Singleplayer (Co-op mod for this is Synergy)
- Suspense
- Hilarious Reactions
- Fun
- Sci-Fi
- Action
- Hidden Objects
- Achievements that will make you go Achievement Hunting
- Originality
- Playing catch with a "DOG"
- Shooting Spiders (*cough* *cough* Headcrabs *cough*)
- Trains
- Fast-Paced Games
- Puzzles that will still confuse you the next time you play the game and/or attempt to make a walkthrough/tutorial on
- Grenades
- Sawblades
- Levels that remind you of TF2
- Game References
- Explosions
- Setting sh*t on fire
- Splattering Combine/Bad Guys
- Defying the Rules/Laws of Gravity
- Rejections
- Comedy
- Making Living things become dead ragdolls and making them die in style/fashion/fabulously/brutaly/hilariously
- Throwing things
- Sports (Basketball)
- Secrets
- A Creepy and mysterious man appearing in locations that you normally would just pass by (*cough* *cough* GMan)
- Easter Egg Hunts
- Candy
- Pyros
I mean nothing... DANGIT! NO TF2 REFERENCES! Anyways, back to listing... *sighs and clears throat*
- Submachine Guns
- Crossbows and Archery
- Beaches
- Water
- Gates
- Tunnels
- Obstacle Courses
- Driving
- Shotguns
- Teaming up with random citizens that you will never know or that you don't already know, but they somehow know your name (Duh, cause you're Gordan f***ing Freeman)
- A game that will leave you hungry for more

Or you just need some good footage to record for your YouTube channel...

THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! 

"Rig/Setup"
------------

PC Model: HP EliteBook 8440p

Processor: Inter(R) Core(TM) i5 CPU M 520 @2.40GHz 2.40 GHz

RAM: 4.00 GB (3.80 GB Usable)

System Type: 64-bit Operating System

And it's surprising that I can get 60+ FPS on this game throughout the whole game! Do you have a crappy computer? Well apparently, THAT DOESN'T MATTER! :D
Half-Life 2 takes a minimilist approach to story development, but delivers a rich, atmospheric, and engaging world that sucks you right in. Combined with novel gameplay elemetns (one of the first mainstream games to make proper use of physics in gameplay), an ensemble of likeable characters—topped off with the much loved Alyx Vance, and well paced combat, this helps to make Half-Life 2 an all-time classic.
Half-Life 2 is a game that I recommend because:
- it worth the money totally
- it is atmospheric
- the graphics are pretty good
- it is a legend
- it has controller support
- it has a great soundtrack
- it has a very good storyline
- it is horror
- it has a good concept
- it has trading cards

Enjoy!
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☐ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☐ 90' PC
☑ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☑ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑  Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☑ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: No
Singleplayer: Yes
Wow, this thing is almost 13 years old now. I can't believe I never played it before.
Even as a "retro game" it beats most of the games released nowadays.

[h1]Graphics[/h1]
Graphics is old, but for a game released in 2004 its way better than expected. One thing I noticed straight away is how good facial animations are. I don't remember any other game had that at the time.

[h1]Physics[/h1]
As a first person shooter there is so many little things this game does great. Starting with a physics engine, I can easily say that never have I ever played something on this level. Gravity gun (weapon you get in-game) allows you to kill enemies in huge amount of ways with various objects. Other than that, you can interact with almost any object in-game and use it in some way.

[h1]Level Design[/h1]
All of the levels are designed with great attention to detail. You can never get bored exploring all of the corners looking for supplies and ammo. It is not just "run and gun" as most FPS games are today. Some of the levels require you to use a boat, buggy, crane etc. There are also small physics puzzles you can stumble upon that require to be solved in order to proceed. All of this just shows how powerful this game engine is. It's a shame Valve doesn't make more games like this.

[h1]All in all, it's a classic. A must play game for anyone who consider themself a gamer.[/h1]
Im aware this is probably the most reviewed game on Steam, making my own take on this game quite redundant (is there anyone with a unique opinion of HL2, not shared by anyone else? Doubt it).
However, i noticed the two best games i got on Steam that i havent reviewed yet happen to be the 2 best FPS's of all time, so here's the first review of the two:

Half Life 2 is the role-model for all FPS games ever made:
It "only" has a singleplayer campaign, but its so well done it doesnt need anything else.
- Graphics-wise, know this: it's a 2004 game, i played it on 2010 and not once did i feel they were outdated (then again, im not one of those who care a lot about technical aspects)
- Sounds... this is not a type of game where this aspect is very relevant, so i cant recall anything about it really
- The Story, even though its not the most original or filled with amazing plot twists, it is still compelling and engaging, making you care about its great characters and what happens next
- Gameplay, there's where this game excels. From the now-classic 'no cutscenes / always in control', to the incredible variety of scenarios in each level, each with its own tone and pace, and jam-packed with (this is my favourite aspect of the game...) UNFORGETTABLE MOMENTS - seriously, i can recall more than 10 scenes that i'll probably never forget about this game. 
The weapons are also great, in quantity, diversity and in the fun-factor. The enemies too are varied enough and provide a reasonable challenge (though an higher difficulty level would be great).
- The length of the game is also one of the best / longest i've seen in an FPS, though it provides little replay value once finished.

Conclusion: Must-play for any gamer out there, to experience a landmark in videogame history, proving again that Valve knows how to make Greatness. Note: Episode 1 and 2 equally recommended to continue the Awesomeness!
[h1]NOTE: Related Content[/h1]
Also see my:
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/70]Half-Life (1) Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/50]Half-Life: Opposing Force Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/130]Half-Life: Blue Shift Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/362890?tscn=1431108183]Black Mesa Review[/url]

[h1]TL:DR? See Conclusion[/h1]

[h1]INTRODUCTION:[/h1]
Half-Life 2 is a first-person shooter game developed and published by Valve Software (Corporation) and is a sequel to the extremely popular and revolutionary 1998 game [i]Half-Life[/i]. Half-Life 2 was originally released back in 2004 and was then boasting the newly developed, highly flexible and powerful Source Engine, it then became an instant classic by making good use of new technology, excellent storytelling, gameplay mechanics and an unrivaled online experience. Alongside its predecessor, both games left a lasting impression, particularly on the FPS genre, as an industry standard for future FPS games to come.

[h1]PLOT (No Spoilers):[/h1]
Half-Life 2 puts the player once more behind the thick-framed bulletproof glasses of Gordon Freeman, an MIT Graduate of Theoretical Physics with an uncanny ability to wield military hardware and the person indirectly responsible for opening a portal to an alien world and exposing Earth to an invasion that is to be known as the 'Black Mesa Incident'. Half-Life 2 is set 20 years after the events of Half-Life 1 and the world is now under the full control of the 'Combine', an interdimensional empire that is currently harvesting the natural resources of Earth including the human race which is now close to extinction.

[h1]PROS:[/h1]
+ Graphics and artstyle that looks just as good as it is now (2015), as it was eleven years ago (2004).
+ Excellent sequel with an excellent story that expands the Half-Life Universe
+ Excellent memorable supporting characters such as Alyx Vance
+ Great sound quality, facial animation, and voice acting adds to the immersive experience
+ Excellent enemy AI
+ Great level and environment designs but...(see CON #1)
+ Fun gunplay and gameplay mechanics
+ Good selection of weapons and equipment with very creative special abilities (Gravity Gun)
+ Atmospheric with excellent use of lighting, sound effects and environment design
+ Challenging difficulties
+ Expanded levels that give some room for exploration, but doesn't destroy the narrative storytelling
+ Lengthy game time
+ Very affordable price (though I highly recommend the Half-Life Complete pack)
+ Multiplayer is still active as far as I can tell
+ Tons of available mods that expand player experience

[h1]CONS:[/h1]
- Driving section may be a little too long but it does offer a few 'stops' where the player can stretch his leg muscles and trigger finger.
- The Squad Support AI is down right suicidal with no command to tell them to stay in place for more than 15 seconds before they follow you again. [i](This is annoying specially if you're trying to keep them alive against particularly deadly opponents such as Striders)[/i]
- Rag-doll physics engine can be unrealistically (albeit hilariously) glitchy
- No Steam Workshop Support for the multitude of MODS that are available.

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
Much like its predecessor, Half-Life 2 is a [b][i]MASTERPIECE[/i][/b] of a game and is a MUST BUY and MUST OWN for any fan of the first person genre because how else can you describe a game that is almost 11 years old, yet, can still retain all the fun and excitement of a recently released title.

[h1]WORTH IT?:[/h1]
If you decide to purchase and try this game, I do recommend you purchase [url=http://store.steampowered.com/sub/715/]Half-Life: Complete[/url] so you may also avail of the two Episodes that was subsequently released.

[h1]FINAL NOTES:[/h1]
Half-Life 2's use of the amazing Source engine reflects on the fact that this game's graphics, despite showing some age, still manages not only to look good, but also to look authentic and atmospheric with its excellent use of sound and music that makes the environment feel alive. Graphics aside, the gameplay has survived for even after a decade and has still not lost its charm. The enemy AI provides an imposing challenge while gunplay and the creative weapons creates one of the most fun and immersive experience you can get on a first-person shooter. Storywise, the Half-Life universe can be considered as one of the most beautifully crafted worlds in gaming history. Half-Life 2 fully emphasizes this point with its amazing and memorable supporting characters that can establish a connection with the player on an emotional level. To recap, Half-Life 2 is the game that once again redefined how modern first-person shooters will be made in the future and remains as the benchmark for good single player FPS gaming experience.

--------------------------------------------------------- 
[h1]Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:[/h1]

[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/ ]Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)[/url]
(Re-written review)
Half-Life 2, an ageless classic of PC games, the title that put Valve on the map, the reason Steam exists today and one of the most ground-breaking titles of it's time. I'm going to say right now to those who haven't played Half-Life 2 to do so immediately, as it is an incredible game that to me has triumphed over the tests of time and remains high on the list of video games that can never be bested.
Half-Life 2 is just about perfect in every regard: from it's carefully forged story to the perfected pacing, from unforgettable characters to a steady challenge curve. The entirety of Half-Life 2 is a journey leading the player full circle in their quest to liberate humanity from their omnipresent multidimensional conquerers, the Combine. 
But if the game wasn't already grand enough, Valve gives the player ultimate control over their physics engine with the highly beloved Gravity Gun (you can call it the Zero-Point Energy Manipulator, if you really want to), a weapon that has never been equaled in any game since. The Gravity Gun allows you to pick up objects from the world, like barrels, sawblades, crates and anything you can move and use them as protection against enemy fire or throw them at your foes in a satisfying method. This is even encouraged by the developers, for the level immediately after you recieve the Gravity Gun you are placed in a zombie-infested town with limited ammo and plenty of sharp, explosive or otherwise deadly-when-hurled-at-100kph objects. In other words: A playground for your new best friend. 
So if you're a recent gamer looking for a timeless classic or a veteran tired of all the two-weapon inventory crap in modern games, I sincerely and whole-heartedly recommend Half-Life 2 for an experience that has never been topped.
Half-Life 2 is a BLAST to play. Pretty much everything in the game is interactive. You pick up paint cans with the gravity gun and when the can hits, it splatters the object with paint. It always fun to pick up a saw blade and toss it at a creature splitting it in half. If its there you can almost be assured that it can be used.

The controls in Half-Life 2 are the exact same as the original Half-Life so veterans will be able to pick up and go very easily. For newcomers to the series the controls are very easy to pick up and very practical. After playing with this control scheme you probably will set all of your FPS games to it.

I played the game in normal difficulty and it was pretty challenging, but not too hard. I found myself reloading a lot, and even after doing parts in the games over and over again I was still having fun trying to pass it, unlike some other games I have tried. Even though you may load a lot I found that ammo was hardly an issue. The supply crates are pretty much random and give you what you need the most. So if you are running low in shotgun shells, the next crate probably will contain some. This is helpful but at times I felt that I had too much ammo.

The story takes place a number of years after the Black Mesa incident. The G-man awakes you on a train and talks to you for a moment and then vanishes. You soon get off the train and arrive at a place called “City 17”, ran by a dictator figure known as Dr. Breen, your former administrator at Black Mesa. You don't really know why you are there, or how you got there and the Combine roaming around the streets don't seem too friendly. You play through the entire game through Gordon Freeman's eyes really immersing you in the game.

I was always in awe throughout the whole game. This game has the best graphics I have seen on any game. The people look life-like. They display their emotions so well that you know what they are feeling. The buildings and the atmosphere are awe-inspiring. You may never want to leave City 17 after you see its beauty. The different lighting in each area was great. You actually felt like you were progressing through the game when you start out in day time, and soon you see the sun setting and then it gets dark again.

The music in this game was awesome. You could tell when a big battle was coming because the music would start playing, and your blood would start pumping. The music made the game that much more enjoyable. I listen to the soundtrack and I can see the battles without actually playing the game. That in my opinion is what makes the battles so great.

The sound in the game was great. I loved the sound the combines made when they died. Each character had a distinct voice and had astounding voice acting. I have never been as freaked in a game when I hear a howl off in the distance and hear a rain gutter banging letting me know that a fast zombie is climbing up after me. The only reason why this score got a 9 is that there is some stuttering when the game loads or auto saves which can be very annoying.

This game took me more than 20 hours to complete after playing around in the game with the physics and such, so it wasn't that short of a game, especially for an FPS. This game is definitely replayable. After playing through the game I invited my friend over so he could play it. He found different ways to kill creatures and solve puzzles that I never thought of, so that in itself is a great reason to replay the game. Also the game on hard is much more difficult than normal giving you more challenge as you go around a second time. Why an 8 then? Well the multiplayer is non-existent as of right now so I can't see myself playing it as much as I could be.


Reviewer's Score: 10/10 | Originally Posted: 11/22/04
This game really needs no introduction, easily one of the best games ever made. Fun and exciting every step of the way. You're doing a disservice to yourself by not playing it.
I remember the massive hype in the PC Gamer magazine back in the day before this game was released. One month the CD (that came with every physical PC Gamer magazine at the time) had a teaser trailer from E3 2003 on it, it honestly looked unbelievable for the time perioid. And it truly lived up to the hype.
This game never gets old. Amazing storytelling and unique enemies. It's a must buy on your Steam account, trust me.
Play it and you will belong the HL3 club: 'I want to believe' - like me.

10/10
We remember the Freeman. We are coterminous. There is no distance between us. No false veils of time or space may intervene. We see you still in Black Mesa. Clearly we see you in the Nihilanth's chamber. We bear witness to the bright eternity of the Nihilanth's demise. You leap, you fall, we see you flash between the barriers. We are there still, in observance of your final stroke. While our own lay scattered at your feet, you severed the vortal cord that bound the Nihilanth to life, and to us. That sharp spur of hope has not dulled to this day. For once the lesser master lay defeated, we knew the greater must also fall in time.

For a brief time you joined with us. You are one. Between the worlds. Communion of the Vortessence. And that other: a deeper mystery. No deeper than the void itself. We cannot forget those whose cords you cut. Forgiveness is not ours to bestow. Unity of purpose, the shattering of common shackles, a single road we tread. Your song we sing and shall sing for eternity. No matter the consequences of this struggle. You have brought us grief and jubilation beyond measure. With you beside us, a talisman of victory, the day of freedom draws nigh.

Your bright face obscures your darker mask. We call you sib, although your mind and meaning are a mystery to us. Far distant eyes look out through yours. Something secret steers us both. We shall not name it. We have endured these chafing bonds for eons, yet a single moment of further servitude seems intolerable! How often have we slipped our yoke, only to find it choking us again. Let this war end in either total victory or our extinction. No further compromise shall we allow. We take our stand beside you, here, upon this miserable rock.

The way ahead is dark for the moment. What seems to you a sacrifice is merely, to us, an oscillation. We do not fear the interval of darkness. We are a tapestry woven of Vortessence. It is the same for you if only you would see it. How many are there in you? Whose hopes and dreams do you encompass? Could you but see the eyes inside your own, the minds in your mind, you would see how much we share.

 We are you, Freeman. And you are us.
Six years is a long wait for a sequel, but it was well worth it.  In that time, Valve created their own game engine, known as Source, and with the Gravity Gun quickly became THE game to copy.  Like ClassicDOOM before it, most FPS games that came after Half-Life 2 valiantly attempted to copy the in-game physics engine that allows to to catch and repel in-game props.  Many of them succeeded, but Half-Life 2 was the first to do it, and gamers know where to give credit where credit is due.

Once again, you play as Gordon Freeman, mute savior of humankind.  Reawakened by the G-Man from the previous game "some time later," you find that the world as you know it is no longer.  The Combine have successfully invaded and subjuated humanity, and it's only a matter of time before Man becomes just another X-stamp on the Combine's evolutionary whiteboard.  Unless you can rise up to the challenge of liberating your very species, that time will approach far quicker than you'd like.

One of the first FPS games to introduce drivable vehicles, adding the Gravity Gun is just icing on this cake (that's a metaphor, not a lie).  Chock full of references and easter-eggs, Valve should be proud that their title has continued to successfully carry the FPS banner.
You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to "A masterpiece" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game.
Nothing I say will make a difference at this point. I've dreaded reviewing Valve games since Steam reviews first started, because it's a developer I've placed on a very high pedestal, so objectivity is not on the menu. Half-Life 2 is something you've already played long ago or something you sought out just recently, because you wanted more from an FPS. 

For the past 7 years or so, I've been on a quest to watch movies that left a permanent mark in film history. I sought out those films for that reason alone. If you're on a similar quest with games, you're bound to meet Half-Life 2 on your path. It's a special breed of FPS, an experience so refined that to this day it stands above the rest in the genre, which is why it's my nominee for The "Test of Time" Award in the first Steam Awards.

If you are completely new to Half-Life, the most envious position to be in, all things considered, then start with the first game. Half-Life, Half-Life: Source or Black Mesa, take your pick. Half-Life 2: Update is another thing to experience. And congratulations, you are now part of the most desperate group of people among gamers. The wait of a sequel and may it be as short as possible for you. Savor your journey from Half-Life to Episode Two and after you've replayed them once or twice, maybe, just maybe you will then hear the happy news we've all been waiting for.
A near-perfect first person shooter through a convincing, imaginative world filled with believable characters. If you haven't played it already then you should, it holds up well against recent titles and embarrasses a fair few.

The game has so many little touches that make it better than its competitors. The shotgun has a tight blast radius, so it's effective even at considerable distances. The gravity gun gave meaning to the rubbish strewn across the levels. Who would have thought a radiator could serve as a weapon, a shield and a useful platform to reach high-up areas? The grenades are satisfyingly clunky, the explosive barrels are meaty and I wish that they sold bugbait stress balls. It's probably the nicest sounding weapon in the world (and beyond).

This game needs no introduction. It's the game that single-handedly brought Steam onto desktop PCs everywhere. It had to live up to the standards set by the original and it surpassed it in every way. Graphically it was ahead of its time, with detailed character animations and convincing CLUTTER all over the world. Each level leads straight on from the previous so you can almost draw a mental map of City 17 as you journey towards the looming Citadel in the centre. You can see the sun slowly setting as the levels progress and distant sirens and explosions really draw you into the Eastern-European themed city. There's something very lonely about the echo of a gun shot on the cliff levels.

Every chapter has its own theme and alterations to the gameplay. You'll find yourself in vehicles, or battling against a certain type of enemy, or battling WITH that type of enemy against another sort. It really makes me wonder why other developers bother even trying to compete with the creativity that this title offers.

Is it perfect? Nhggghhh, almost. I could say that the vehicle sections go on for a bit too long and the quiet, talky sections (which used to be my favourite- LOOK AT THEIR FACES!) have aged a bit. I find myself hitting things with a crowbar, waiting for more enemies to kill.

Seriously, if you don't enjoy this game then first person shooters aren't for you.
[h1]Half-Life 2 Review[/h1]

[b]Initial Release:[/b] November 2004
[b]Platform:[/b] Xbox 360, Windows, PlayStation 3, Android, Linux, Mac
[b]Genre:[/b] First-Person Shooter, Platformer
[b]Theme:[/b] Sci-Fi, Dystopian, Post-Apocalyptic
[b]Singleplayer:[/b] Yes.
[b]Local Multiplayer:[/b] Unavailable.
[b]Online Multiplayer:[/b] Unavailable.
[b]Level/Chapter Selection:[/b] Yes.
[b]Estimated Campaign Duration:[/b] 6-9 hours.
[b]Third-Party Mod Support/Availability[/b]: Yes.
[b]DirectX Version:[/b] DirectX 9.0 (supports DirectX 7 & DirectX 8 versions)

[h1]Pros:[/h1]
+Performance is outstanding on low-end computers.
+Known for it's in-game physics; powered by the Source Engine.
+Voice acting is top-notch. Actors' voices easily fit into their characters' unique personalities.
+Responsive, bindable controls. This includes controller support, as well as mouse acceleration and mouse smoothing.
+Smooth animations. NPCs even appear to move and interact with the environment almost naturally.
+Level Design is great. Environments vary between urban, sand and grass. Levels are either small and tight, or open and expanded, which may allow for more exploring.

[h1]Cons:[/h1]
-None.

I don't like review scores, so I'm going to answer your [u]most important[/u] question: [i]do you recommend it?[/i] Yes.

My Specificiations:
|-- Intel Core i7-3770K @ 4700.59 MHz (Custom Water Loop) 
Koolance RP-1000BK 1kW / Masterkleer 1/2" ID x 3/4" OD Tubing, UV-BLUE, Alphacool NexXxoS ST30 / 3x SILVERSTONE FM121 
|-- Gigabyte G1.Sniper 3 Motherboard 
|-- Evga GTX 1080 GAMING SC (SUPERCLOCKED) Graphics Card 
|-- Corsair Vengeance 16384 MB (CMZ16GX3M4A1600C9) @ 9-9-9-24-1T 
|-- Rosewill 'THOR-V2' Custom/Modded Full Tower Case 
|-- Samsung Hybrid Hard drive(s) 2TB, Raptor 10,000 RPM 750GB 
Raid 0, 2X Samsung 840 SSDs 
|-- Corsair HX 1050 PSU 
|-- NZXT Sentry-2 Fan Controllers 
|-- Windows 10 64-bit Operating System 
|-- Corsair H2100 Wireless Dolby® 7.1 Surround Sound Headset 
|-- Logitech Z506 5.1 Speakers 
|-- Logitech G910 Orion Spark RGB Mechanical Keyboard 
|-- Logitech G900 Chaos Spectrum | 1000hz 
|-- Philips 27" 272G5DYEB 144hz w/ NVIDIA G-Sync + ASUS 27" 2ms 60hz Monitor
[b]Rise and shine, Mr. Freeman....[/b]

[h1]Overall Rating: 9.5/10[/h1]

This is the ONLY game than runs for more than a hundred FPS on my integrated laptop, old engine but packs a punch for the graphic. Right from the start of the first chapter, Half Life 2 never failed to amaze me by its spectacular map view after you walk out from a certain point of the game. The combination of sound effects, the astounding map lightings, even the movement and behaviour of the AI soldier (well... mostly) creates a solid realistic feels to the game itself, that gives a good first impression to the players of what the surrounding is going to be.

The combat in Half Life 2 feels more lively compared to the first Half Life, the Manhunt, the flashing drones and the soldiers are more intelligent that adds a lot of challenges and varieties into the combat scene. Zombies models are well-improved, the voices for the zombies plus the jumpscare events creates a good mix of panic and suspense feels, thus forcing players to act faster and be decisive during the playthrough. The weapons are well designed, the animations and the sounds of them are great that makes the shooting experience a lot more fun. One thing I don't like a bit, is that the accuracy of the rifle and smg are bad, that bursting and tapping doesn't make any difference. Let's just not nitpick about it, Half Life 2 is already greater than I can imagine.

Now what's Half Life without puzzle? they're created with more variaties attached to, most of them involves physics while the others are fun to discover and solve. The lazer pointer that guides the rocket launcher's missile, the boat and buggy shoot-while-driving scene, they're all creative, very fun to play, and gives a lot of joy after you actually solved it by yourself.

I honestly feel that the thing that makes Half Life 2 great game, is that how enjoyable it is for all ages. There's lore attached to it, there's also story-related events that makes the play a lot more entertaining, that I'm very recommending this to people who are willing to try something enjoyable.
For the people who actually OWN this game but never play it, sad that you've missed a part of the FPS history...
It's crazy to think this game was released in 2004. Many mindblowing physics and level designs.
Definitely a step up from the first game. And with more emphasis on the story this time. Never once i have been bored throughout the whole game.

One of my favourite games ever.
[b]While I was late to the scene with playing [i]Half-Life 2[/i], it was a real treat.[/b] We have a compelling and original story mixed with just top-notch FPS action. All you need is the edge of your seat for this one. At face value, this is not a game I'd immediately connect with - but it certainly took over my life for a period of time.

[b]Can't go wrong with the classics.[/b]
No matter how long the time has passed this game is one of the best sci-fi , fps game
even with really old source engine it can still prove that graphic is not everything 
I would be much happier if valve know how to count to 3 soon
1) Play Half-Life
2) Play Half-Life 2 and the episodes that follow after
Become attached to the legendary series.

3) Realize that Half-Life 3 will probably never be released
Move to a new city, start a new life and depressingly wait for Half-Life 3.
By the time Half-Life 3 is released - become the host for a headcrab in Ravenholm.
Get crowbared by Gordon Freeman himself.
Worth the autograph.
Before you read this, do not look on my playtime because I have been playing Half-Life 2:Update version mostly whicg has different playcount. It is the same game anyways.

Half-Life 2 is a First Person Shooter made in 2004 by Valve and published by Vivendi, since 2005 it is published by Valve itself. The game has been released on PC, Xbox, Xbox 360, Playstation 3, Macintosh and Nvidia Shield. Through all those years the game is still considered one of the best video games ever made, which is obvious when you look on all those "Half-Life 3 confirmed" memes.

Story takes place two decades after events of the first installment, the G-man wakes Gordon Freeman from his slumber and teleports him into the train to dystopian City 17 ruled by Combinate lead by Dr. Breen. Our protagonist joins the resistance but then things go wrong on the way I cannot explain without using spoilers. In any case he meets many convincing and charismatic characters. The ending is kind of a cliffhanger but it is continoued in Episode 1 so I guess it is nothing bad, besides the entire plot works really good.
Of course there is no denying that the most liked part of this game is the gameplay, thanks to the Source engine it was quite revolutionary. Gordon moves proceeds through chapters using various vehicles, parts of environment and weapons (especially the known and like gravity gun). Different sections force us to plan our movements during battles and use all the available items or support as possible (Traps, turrets, mines and many more), hitboxes are not really legit because no matter if you shoot the head or other parts of NPC's body he or she will receive the same damage (except headcrab zombies). Every chapter have it's own unique mechanics allowing us to use some irregular ways to eliminate the obstacles or simply to survive.
Level design and visuals of locations are astonishing, all thanks to Viktor Antonov, the same man who designed Dunwall in Dishonored. All the places we visit are colorful, some contain secrets and multiple ways to use. The best example is for sure Ravenholm by giving us a dose of horror, yet also creativity in terms of gameplay.
Soundtrack is quite unusual here, mostly there will be no music, but in more intense sequences awesome tracks start to play and they are fitting always perfectly. If we count other sounds as OST we also have some ripped straight from Half-Life 1 and a various palette of other ones hearable during interactions with multiple objects.
If you like looking for any technical issues or glitches then you will be very dissapointed, after so many years of patching there is nothing left. The only one thing that could be annoying are letters that become really small on higher resolutions (for me it was not a problem but I am talking about 1080p, if we count that someone has GPU able to run it in 4K...oh God...). There is nothing to worry about the performance, my PC was able to max it out with 250-290 frames per second and it is not even a high-end one (at least on 2018 standards).

Many people love Half-Life 2 and I have to admit that they really have reasons to it, the only thing that I do not get is considering Alyx Vance as one of the best female character ever but I think that is only a matter of taste. I was amazed by the depth of gameplay and all the hard work put into it. Story is quite simple and enjoyable, yet understanding every part of it is impossible for those who never touched the first installment which is perhaps the only downside in this game. Soundtrack does not play often but when it does it rocks, all the technicals also work perfectly, I suggest playing it with Update mod because the eyes hurt a bit less and it is easy downloadable by Steam Shop for free. 
For me personally it deserves 9.8/10, it is a shame that most of modern games still cannot reach that level though.
In what is arguably a more necessary Steam title to have in one's libary than Team Fortress 2 or Dota 2, Half-Life 2 holds up magnificently as a first-person shooter over a decade since its 2004 release as the first title which required Steam to install and play. The game follows an arc similar to most forms of media, especially film media, with the player seeing highs, lows, and an excellent climax as through the eyes of Gordon Freeman.

As stated above, this game remains an amazing title and experience, both in gameplay and in plot, with a great deal of effort directed at character development and map and AI design. You could be told this was released a week ago and would believe it, as both its graphics and physics engine remain top-notch and put to shame those of most other shooters, both at the time and now.

The game follows M.I.T. graduate and Black Mesa Research Associate Scientist Gordon Freeman, who, after being placed on a train heading to City 17, faces off against the oppressive Combine Empire that controls the city and the planet. With the help of the resistance movement and old and new friends alike, Gordon fights the Combine as they launch continued assaults against him, viewing his return to be a serious if not the single greatest threat to their dominion.

The game is an outstanding example of storytelling, with the arc being one of my favorite in any game released - period. Without a word coming from Freeman's lips, the universe and history of City 17 and Earth in general is greatly explained, and through events the player grows to despise the Combine Empire, which in turn grants extra reward to the player when they succeed in trading blows with it.

With an excellent soundtrack composed by Kelly Bailey, the game's means to convey emotion increase, action scenes become more epic, horror scenes become more terrifying, and emotional scenes become more deep and impactful. The game uses its soundtrack in a masterful way, reintroducing old tunes and beats from Half-Life 1, and introducing a new soundtrack that perfectly fits the situation.

The game is also masterful at finding a blend of pleasing and challenging a player; Most concepts are introduced by some form of training to help open the player up to them, rather than forcing the player to learn skills on the spot, though the game makes sure not to help the player too much to keep the challenge going.

If you haven't bought this game yet on Steam, I strongly suggest you do so. It's an excellent title that has everything a good game should have: Interesting Plot, well-written characters, interesting and fun mechanics, a fitting and enjoyable soundtrack, good map design, excellent world-building, and so on. It stands 12 years since its release in most majestic fashion with the means to challenge most AAA titles shat out to the market with its first chapter alone.
I rushed out to buy the CD in 2004 and ended up having to download the rest of the game by taking my PC to numerous friends' houses as Steam had only just been invented. I even had to connect to Steam with my old Nokia 6300 over GPRS just to be online and my Pentium 4 3.2 6800GT literally gobbled it up.
It was a challenging time, but in the end it was worth it because HL2 was a revelation in so many ways. 
Linear? Of course it is.
Hooked? Of course I was and I still play it to this day.
One of the best games of all times! A masterpiece!
Perfect mix between First Person Shooter and a few Puzzles.
The story is great!
The physics are awesome, even by today standards.
Even if you don't like puzzles in FPS games, you'll like how they're implemented in this game.
Cheap, runs in almost all computers today (even in old computers) and very fun.
Have you played it before? NO? What are you waiting for?
Half-Life 2, almost 15 years after its release, still remains one of the best and most refined FPS experiences ever developed. It's a masterpiece of design, versatility and especially length in regard to shooters.

Any and everyone should have played this once. A true milestone of gaming and timeless masterpiece.
Bought this game with The Orange Box. Never really thought about playing it. I heard about how so many people were mad at Valve for not making a Half-Life 3. I decided to start playing it.

-Strange man I recognize from Garry's Mod breathing in my face
-Find out my name is Gordan Freeman
-Wonder why my name is so close to Morgan Freeman
-Get out of a subway
-Get harrassed by Cops
-One cop is my friend
-Almost die because of him
-Continually almost die because of him
Fast Forward
-Continually being put in harms way because of a man named Breen
-Finally find him
-Explosion
-Finally get up from PC
-Hear about petition and mob going to Valve HQ

10/10 Would Riot against Valve to get HL3
So wake up Mr. Freeman - Wake up and smell the ashes...

Fresh install again for HL2, such an Epic game for single player.  The layout of this game is tremendous diverse locations and fun firefights.  For many, including myself getting this game meant - getting STEAM? - what was it, how will it work and such.  At the time Steam was a bit buggy and had some issues but that was 10+ years ago and look at it now... its come a long way.  Half Life for me is almost like a bad habit I keep going back to after 16 years of playing HL and 10 years of HL2 I always go back for another run - because there fun!  Why are they fun - its a unique world, decent graphics (top of the line when released), awesome game play, good AI, Killer music and soundtracks, fun characters and the MOD options.  

My favorite levels in the game are Nova Prospect & Ravenholm... 2 fantastic levels.  Headcrab zombies and poison crabs - suck especially the poison crabs they make my hair stand up and the sound they make - (girly scream).

I am all about Half Life again after my mini rant earlier in the week and the somewhat troublesome news from Valve regarding HL3 - please see the rant in the activity feed.  

VALVE CAN NEVER LET THIS GAME END WITH OUT A PROPER FOLLOW UP AND EXPLANATION OF THE MANY LOOSE ENDS AND MY PERSONAL FAVORITE QUESTION - JUST WHO EXACTLY IS THE GMAN AND WHY IS HE PORTRAYED THE WAY HE IS?  

Recommended game if your the one person out there that has not played it yet, lol.
So, I'm one of those guys who has played console games all of his life. I can be very lethal with a controller in hand. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said with a mouse and keyboard. To remedy this disparity, I figured I'd re-enter the world of arguably the most famous PC games of all time... Half-Life 2.

I played this game back when it was packaged in "The Orange Box" for the Xbox 360. It was definitely enjoyable back then, and there is very little drop off over the years. Sure, the graphics aren't up to par with modern-day games, but they hold up a lot better than the original Half-Life. 

The gameplay is very fluid. I found the machine gun and shotgun to be my two most used weapons outside of the gravity gun. I used the machine gun regularly throughout the entire game, and it excelled in medium-range combat. However, it had nothing over the shotgun in close-range scenarios. There were many times in which the shotgun kept me safe when I was caught off guard.

Speaking of getting caught off guard, this game had plenty of moments that startled me or made me jump from my seat. I mean, I've beaten this game over a decade ago. Yet, I seem to have forgetton how great this game is. The little instances in which some headcrab or other enemy popped up from around the corner or from some dark location scared me more than any other "Horror" movie or game has, ever! 

The environments are well-thought out. There are plenty of objects to interact with, and there are forty-five health caches scattered throughout the game for those who wish to explore every nook and cranny that this game has to offer. 

The entire story is presented while you control the protagonist, Gordon Freeman. There are no cutscenes. Instead, you can walk around and pay as much (or as little) attention that you'd like to the dialogue. Consequently, I found myself more enthralled by the events that took place. I lived in this world, and I cared about what happened.

I'm sure that most people reading this review have already beaten this game, and that's fine. This game has been around for a while. That being said, this classic game deserves to be played again. It may not have the most memorable story, but it has some memorable set-pieces, and the enemies can be challenging at higher difficulties. Simply put, Half-Life 2 is a complete game that ages like fine wine. I appreciate this game a lot more now than I did over ten years ago. So will you.

Buy this game.
"There is really no place in this enterprise for a rogue physicist."

This game, being a decade classic, still excels in the departments of character interaction, intriguing dialogue and voice work. 

To this day, this game is still really enjoyable to boot up and just play countless times, I am still shocked that there are people still out there that have not played this game. Let alone not have it in their library.

10/10 - Your hour has come again.
What can we say anymore ? This is Half Life 2, this is legendary product of pc gaming. Awesome story and characters, better than a lot of action and future science movies, you can be sure. I think this game beginning for everything in game industry again. After ten years still playable and enjoyable. Also don't forget to play Episode One and Two. Absolutely 10/10.
Half-Life 2 was a pretty great game. And yes, this was the first time I've played it.

So barring the legacy this game has, it's STILL a great game. The most impressive thing to me is the physics, and how every object reacts appropriately to the force exerted on it. Things can be thrown, bounced, exploded, or grabbed very satisfyingly. 

Also, the graphics for a 2004 game are still impressive, and the game runs at 1440p @ 165 fps very easily without bugs. THAT is impressive as well.

The gameplay was varied, challenging and fun. I loved how the game kept mixing things up as far as gameplay and environment goes. There is driving, shooting, swimming, dark tunnels, wide open beaches, etc. Some segments you aren't even shooting but... wielding... other weapons. 

I can see how other games take inspiration from this shooter. The varied but linear levels, the different gameplay segments, the action mixed with elements of horror...it's just cool to see an obvious inspiration for a lot of my favorite games. 

As a casual player coming to this game 14 years later, I can say... the fact there is no Half Life 3 is truly criminal. That ending tho...
Half-Life 2 is a masterpiece. Period.

The reason for this is pretty simple: since it came out in 2004, not many games have surpassed its extremely high standard of game design. I decided to download it recently to do some achievement hunting, only to realize that it held up extremely well. And we are talking 14 years after the game’s inital release! It was as if I was transported back in time to high school when I opened up the original packaging and installed the game along with Counter-Strike: Source from 5 CDs. 

The flow of the action set-pieces, the art direction, the sound design, the voice acting and facial animation are so masterfully done that I feel any criticism towards the game would feel nitpicking. I would say that the shooting can feel a bit bland but this is easily balanced out by a huge variety of weapons, levels, and player encounters.

When it comes to first-person shooters, it doesn’t get any better than this. Half-Life 2 was so ahead of its time that even today, many games only try to emulate its excellent design. It is rather funny how, after 14 years, we should be playing with games that are better by leaps and bounds but this is far from the case.

If you consider yourself a gamer, you owe it to yourself to have it in your library.

[h1] Can't imagine what it would've been like to play this when it was first released. [/h1]

Quite the adventure. It was a lot of fun playing this right after finishing the HL1 series and seeing the drastic difference in the engine and graphics. I had never experienced a "time shift" like that before. The game itself was wonderful, it felt like the classic Half Life, and the great story carried on. It's awesome playing the game that essentially shaped the modern day single player experience. 

[h1] 10/10 [/h1]
[H1]*****
5 out of 5[/H1]

Half Life 3 now, please.

What to say about Half Life 2? If I could even explain a fraction of my adoration of this game...it would probably overwhelm you. This game is one of a kind. Taking everything good from the FPS genre and gaming in general, Half Life 2 is a feat I can't fathom.

The gameplay is slick, the sound is platinum album status, the characters will stay with you, and the storyline will grip you. If you haven't already bought this game whilst I've been talking, why haven't you?!?!?!
This game is great (I haven't finished it yet.) It was even better than the first one, and I LOVED the first one. I like the references to the first game and the game-play is amazing. The puzzles are sometimes tricky, but I usually get over them.  The story/plot line is great and the graphics are better. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves platforming, action & adventure, and puzzle solving games. 10 - 10 would play again.
Fortnite < Half-Life 2 and the rest of Steam
............./´¯/)......................................(\¯`\ 
............/...//.........................................\\...\ 
........../....//............................................\\ ..\ 
...../´¯/..../´¯\........................................./¯`\....\¯`\ 
.././.. /..../..../. |_...EPIC STORE. |..\....\....\...\.\ 
(.(....(....(..../.) ..)..........................(...(.\....).....)...).) 
.\................\/.../.............................\...\/................./ 
..\.................../................................\..................../ 
...\.................(.................................)................../
What can I say about this game?.

 Perfect?

 Masterpiece?

 Legendary?

 Incredible?

 Really hard to describe this perfection.

 Amazing, Extraordinary, Immersive Gameplay.

 Magnificent story.

 Beyond all of these, there is no doubt the best single-player experience since computer gaming begin :)

Im a old gamer. Owned the original. Back then I played for like 5 minutes and said to myself, this is a smart game, im not.
Now i re-bought it on Steam. Now I say to myself, why didnt I play it back then. Its even smarter than I thought. Also. *NO SPOILER REALLY*  I am afraid of heights, in this game, I sweated for real sometimes. Immersive baby. Recommended.
Fantastic game. Episode One and Two are also fantastic. All of the Half Life games are some of the best games that I have ever played. I highly recommend them!
Half life 2 is perfect but i have 3 questions
when is half life 3 or half life 2 ep 3 coming out
when is portal 3 coming out
when is left 4 dead 3 coming out
what moron looks at HALF LIFE 2 reviews on steam? Aren't the "overwhelmingly positive reviews" enough for you to buy the game?

 This game is bloody amazing, i don't know how to describe the feeling. Dispite it being 14 years old (at the time of writing) this game still remarkable remains fun. Yes, the graphics may look old and textures and all but gameplay matters and this game is extremely fun and engaging.
WE WANT HALF-LIFE 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE WANT HALF-LIFE 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Half-Life 2 is not available in either case but it has been operating at peak speed for years. It is really good at first but I'm sure most people are looking for something else to say about me. The game's been hit with a gun on his head but he's still not home yet. This is why Half-Life 3 is the proper way to play with your friends so don't get any of this game. They need to improve their lives and make sure that Half-Life 4 will be the game higher than all other supreme games.

This review was made using auto-correct's recommended words.
Many of my friends have tried to get me to play this game since it came out but I could never get into it. I'm generally not a big fan of solo campaign FPS's so I got bored within the first hour when it initially came out.

I finally got around to playing it on the channel and while I will say that I wasn't blown away by the story or the gameplay I must also say that very well could be because I played in in 2019 where most of the mind-shattering aspects of this game are standard in today's games. This came was revolutionary in 2004.

I was surprised that many of the load times were fairly long, even on modern equipment (~5-20 seconds). I encountered quite a few bugs that were both hilarious and charming at times. The puzzles heavily rely on showcasing Source's physics engine and can get repetitive.

I enjoyed the first 2/3's of the game but once you get to a certain part [spoiler](read: getting to The Citadel[/spoiler] it kind of feels like they just tried to cram a bunch of "extra gameplay" time by doing the typical "run to point a, solve a puzzle, survive a wave of enemies, run to point b, solve a puzzle, survive another wave, repeat". It's just game bloat, I feel and feels cheap just to increase the time it takes to beat the game.

All in all I would say it's worth a play (even though I understood nothing about the story) just to experience an old school shooter that rocked the gaming industry.

You can watch my livestream gameplay of the game on my [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk0Dn-scuQ4&list=PL0q93Rkkmx_t9LEvHKeSIvCEFrspX8UAc]YouTube Channel[/url]

Clips from the game (potential spoilers):
[url=https://youtu.be/1q1YXxD1d1U]🔫 Friendly Fire 🔫[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/73ux6KlNcNI]🐶 Fetch with Cars... 🚗[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/fq594XZ64MY]🐞 Rebel Bugs 🐞[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/r07huuhFSA4]⚠️ Use Caution While Wielding the Gravity Gun ⚠️[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/3BLW0V5Ifjc]👑 Drama Queen 👑[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/CaAvw74ldGs]🏎️ Buggy Buggy 🏎️[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/6dv8oVaAyFo]⚰️ Robo Manatee Funeral ⚰️[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/9Wn8-36riGs]🛥️ Airboat Parkour! 🛥️[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/gfY161CFMYk]🚁 Dea[d] Chopper from Above! 🚁[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/MB3NZDgpNkk]👨‍💻 Untested Technology 👨‍💻[/url]
[url=https://youtu.be/AWlwFvT1hSQ]🤖 Sneaky Creeper Robit 🤖[/url]
This has to be the best game I have ever played so far, although I doubt any game will exceed Half-life 2. I love the story and gameplay. Valve did a great job on this. Well, I guess I will have to wait for HλLF-LIFE 3 now!
One of the greatest or should I say, the best Valve game ever made! A revolutionary game that changed the world in 1998 comes back with better graphics, new story and a still long awaiting sequel (Half-Life 3)!

I used to play Half-Life 2 cracked when I was a very cheap person and always dared to play any game. This game is one good game you cannot stop playing, get achievements and continue on with the story with Episode One and Two!

I recommend this game to those who played Half-Life 1 and re-recommend to every player!
I was raised by the Half-Life franchise.
I wish Valve could count to 3.
They used to make masterpieces, today they make money only.
10 of 10 in everything. 

[b][ Rating ][/b]
✔️ 85/100
[b][ Gameplay ][/b]
❌ Bad
❌ Mediocre
❌ Good
✔️ Great
[b][ Story ][/b]
❌ Bad
❌ Mediocre
✔️ Good
❌ Great
[b][ Audio ][/b]
❌ Bad
❌ Mediocre
✔️ Good
❌ Great
[b][ Difficulty ][/b]
❌ Too easy
✔️ Balanced
❌ Punishing
[b][ Bugs ][/b]
❌ Unplayable
❌ Major gameplay disruption
✔️ Minor gameplay disruption
❌ Few or no bugs
[b][ Campaign ][/b]
✔️ Short (0 - 24 hours)
❌ Average (25 - 49 hours)
❌ Long (50+ hours)
[b][ Price / Quality ][/b]
❌ Not worth it
❌ Wait for sale
✔️ Full price
One of the best games ever. I cannot find a negative fact about it. Despite the years, it still feels amazing when you play it. It just a must have game.
I initially had no interest in the Half-Life series, but rewind to 2010 when I picked up The Orange Box for Xbox360, I originally got The Orange Box for TF2 since I had a really bad PC back then but after getting bored of TF2 for some time I thought I'd play "the other games" on the Disc because might as well right?

Oh god.

Why was I so blind? The Half-Life Series is absolutely amazing, I couldn't get enough of it playing it on my 360 and ever since the day I finished Episode 2 I'm basically with everyone else on the whole "where the F**k is HL3, Valve?" can't believe its already 10+ years and not a single teaser, word, nothing.
One of my all time favourite games. I have played Half Life 2, Episode One and Two and i enjoyed it sooooo much. If you are hesitant at buying the game or orange box (what i bought) then all i can say is 100% DO. You will not regret it if you like single player games in general.
I really like this game a lot, what I could play of it. I get motion sickness when I play this after 15 minutes and had to rest and then try and play again. But can't stand it anymore, got up to the air boat stage and it made it even worse. So had to stop for good. My head hurts so much and feel queasy.

Not sure exactly what causes my motion sickness, I get it in some fps games, such as this and Fallout 3, but Iam fine with most others such as Borderlands 2, Fallout NV etc.

Even changing FOV to 90 and turning of motion blur did not stop it.

Love the game and it pains me to not recommend it but have to since I am not able to play it.
After years and years, finally I decided to buy Half Life 2. To be honest here, I don't like Half Life 1 at all, thought it was dumb, boring and at times very confusing.

Half Life 2 however.... is completely the same. The story is way too convoluted for what it should. A lot of cheap enemies still roam the levels, just waiting to pound at your full health and armor. One good thing about Half Life 2 is that there a fewer headcrabs.

Most of my time in Half Life 2 was walking around trying to find my way just like in the first one. Sometimes I just don't know where to go, but then I remember that is Half Life so wherever I need to be it'll in that seemingly dead-end because there's never any backtracking in this game. The way out is always forward.

The gravity gun is fun, but that ends there. The physics are a bit weird at times. And the attack planes and striders are just more annoying than anything else, they can only be killed by RPGs. Would be fine, if you'd have enough ammo to take out at least one. But they all need 5 or more shots.

It's not a bad game, I just don't like it. I've played it once and after you finish there isn't anything left to do. So buy it if you want.
Awful character movement. The head bobbing and how the character glides across the environment combines to give me motion sickness. 0/10 Half life is half baked!
Mediocre game, to be honest. Does it deserve praise? Yeah, it's an interesting game that tells a story without any pauses for cutscenes and is fully immersive. Does it deserve all the praise it gets? Not really. Only get this if something needs it to run.
