[h1] Wololo from 2013 with love [/h1]
HD version of ever loved RTS classic game. You can't go wrong picking this title since it involves undying gameplay, singleplayer with decent AI, live multiplayer community - and that all on modern engine offering up-to-date resolutions. New content (2 dlcs with new nations and campaigns) is just a cherry on the delicious cake that AoE II HD is!

++ Infinite playability
++ Suprisingly good AI
+ Decent graphic, modern resolutions
+ Great range of nations to pick
+ Many maps including randomly generated one
+ New content (patches, DLC's of new nations and campaigns)
+ Steam integrated (achievments, trading cards, Workshop)
+ Live multiplayer community
- Remake of original 20 years old game is not somehow original, he? Does it make sense?
- Price. This is related to previous point. I don't mind it that much but may bugger someone else.

8/5 [i]"For the old time sake. For the gameplay sake. WAAAAAAAAR!"[/i]
Just nominated this for the test of time award.
Honestly who hasn't heard of age of empires? A lot of grew up with it and other titles like warcraft and command and conquer but look at it. Age of empires II is still played to this very day by a lot of people, and for a good reason!
Since this game came out ages ago it has had tons of bugs fixed, a lot of balancing work went into it and new civs were added that fit into the game nicely and enrich the overall experience while still staying true to the core.
It does't need super fancy visuals, it doesn't need you to have korean progamer levels of apm to enjoy it.
It comes from a time when games were just about having fun, and it still is!
Do yourself a favor and give it a try.
takes me back to when life was simple. come home from school run up the old pc and play age of empires till i was told to go bed. this game will always have a special place in my heart 11/10
Oh boy, where do I begin? I've been playing this game since it was released as a demo for maximum pc back in 1998. My father showed me it at a computer store that he used to work at in the small community that we used to live in. I was only 4 years old at that time, and I remember the only civilizations you could be were the Brits and Celts. I first laid eyes on the scout calvary, would ignore the shit out of everything else, because he looked cool in my eyes at 4 years of age. Since then, Ive been playing this game on and off, I'm 21 now, and I still find myself latched on to it. I now have a daughter of my own, although she won't know what it was like to see the game evolve over the course of 16 years, she will still know how it came to be, assuming she would even find it as cool as I have growing up. I think for me at least it was the growing anticipation of seeing something new with every civ, while still keeping the basics of the game simple and the same in it's own ways. I used to play this during lunch break in middle school from 2006-2009 with all of my friends, for the most part, I came out on top, even had our own little community of players, formed our own club, and we made a board game out of it. It was pretty cool that not all of us were premature nerds that played this, at least half of our little community were jocks that just loved it as much as we did, and there was no discrimination involved in any of it.  We amassed to a total of 20 or more people in this community, and for a small amount of us, our community is still strong with new members and old. This game is called Age of Empires II, and it will stand the test of time for the ages. I'm happy and delighted that people are still playing this game 16 years later, and we're still finding newcomers for this game at as faster rate than before. I've come to realize that just since early 2014 I have ended up spending hundreds of hours playing this game, teaching people both young and old what to do in this game. I'm so thrilled to see that this game is coming out with new expansions still to this day, even after 16 years. I think that if I were to find the gold edition realeased back in 2004 without the package being opened or torn, I would keep it as a collector's item, this game has so much potential and I'm happy to see that it's not being thrown away in to the trash. I honestly believe that when I die of old age, assuming that I don't die any other way, I will more than likely have a copy in my coffin for when my body gets discovered generations later, people will know what kind of influence this game had on my life as much as anyone else's life. I honestly didn't even play the Conqueror's expansion pack until 2007, even though I knew about it unpon release date, my mother refused me video games, so I never got to play it on time like most of my friends did, but I knew that I would at some point in time. Due to my parents seperation back in 2001 shortly after my mother's mother died, I ended up living with my mother, as she got the majority of custody except on holidays when I would be with my father. Whenever I was with him, he would let me play games, even though it was against my mother's wishes. I really loved playing as the Celts, Britons, Franks, Goths, and Vikings, at the time, they were my favorite. Now and again however, you will find me riding along Genghis Khan's horde as the Mongols, however, you can also find me still enjoying the company of the Goths and Britions. I love all of the civilizations very much, I know that they all have their strengths and weaknesses, some are greater than others. My best advice to you is to rush your enemies into the dirt while still keeping up with your economy via micro manage. I would rate this game a solid 10/10 and would also highly recommend it to anyone who still finds the old RTS game to be complexed and fun. I can't wait for the new expansion to come out November 5th 2015 African Kingdoms will have without a doubt in my mind as many new features as it pre successors. I hope you all have a try at this game, it's for sure my favorite game of all time.
Easily my favorite game, use to play on the disc when I was a lot younger, started playing about 10 years ago. Found steams HD version and I've never been happier about finding a game.
This game has long been a childhood favorite. It was the first game I ever bought and owned for the PC. I played a lot of this game, mainly singleplayer back in 2006, but scratched the CD a couple years later. When I found it had been remastered on Steam I was quick to purchase myself a copy and have been playing both singleplayer and multiplayer since. For those of you who used to own a copy like myself, I highly advise purchasing this digital edition, as it offers both the same nostalgic gameplay and a great strategic outlet. The Forgotten DLC also gives you more to explore and adds even greater variety to an already extensive game. I highly recommend this title, as it has quickly (re)become a personal favorite.
For those of you who haven't played Age of Empires before, it was one of the older RTS games dating back to the late 90s / early 21st century. I'm surprised more people don't play it. You are given a wide selection of civilizations with specific perks each, and try to race each other towards an objective, be it a Wonder Race, Deathmatch, or King of the Hill. All of which are great fun! What really stands out with this game is that there are hundreds, if not thousands of ways to win. Granted, the mechanics may seem simple and outdated, but when trying to runn an entire empire with 200+ units against up to seven other players, every click counts as you try to out-maneuver, out-think, and out-micro your opponent. The graphics may take a while to get used to, but what you really should look forward to enjoying is the satisfaction of wrecking the strong defenses of an enemy with allies or alone, and conquering lands one by one. A great title, I also highly advise purchasing this for the newer community.
When I was a child I would play this game. Now I bought it a second time because I want to be a child again...  This is a game where you make an Empire that lasts through the Ages...  Also when a friend of mine was telling me about this game when I was in third grade, he thought that it was called Agent Vampires.  A game that has nothing to do with agents or vampires.  Anyway, good game if you have friends who also want to be kids again.
[u]Old but Gold.[/u] 
<>Cheat Codes:
-Food = cheese steak jimmy's
-Gold = robin hood
-Stone = rock on
-Wood = lumberjack
-Full Map	= marco
-No Shadows = polo
First time to play AoE II was in 1999.

My PCs have been changed abt 6 times up to now, but this one's still there.

A great and timeless game, a masterpiece across the ages.
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☐ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☑ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☐ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☐ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☑ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Reksio


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes

It's year 2018 but this game still haunts me
Playing FFA Regicide with friends.
Using the Game of Thrones soundtrack add-on for extra epicness.
After an hour of warfare, alliances, and betrayal, my city falls and I brace myself for defeat.
Suddenly, I see a message: "Anon has changed their status with you to ally."
He lets me bring my king and villagers to his city for protection.
He tells me to hide my king near his castles for protection.
Under his protection, I begin to rebuild my empire.
After a few minutes, I see another message.
"Anon has changed their status with you to enemy."
I watch as the crossbowmen in his castle execute my king.
The Rains of Castamere begin to play, mocking my defeat.
It was at this moment I realized how amazing Age of Empires II was.

True story
[b][i]"WOOLOOLOOO"[/i][/b]

One of the strongest names in gaming industry, this series has been over here for almost TWO FREAKING DECADES. In 5 months it'll be 20 years and people still want part 4 which most probably never come. Since the last part it's been over 10 years. Do you guys even remember that book which was released by Microsoft Studios which showed up AoE 4 and 5? I guess we all believe there was suppose to be 4/5. Wasn't it actually Bill Gates who said he'll look into that (answer for question what's up with AoE 4?)

1999 was the year of original Age of Empires 2: The Age of Kings and year later expansion The Conquerors. Don't tell me it didn't affected your childhood, growing or just lifetime in general as a gamer? That game was (is) incredible. 13 years later instead of Age of Empires IV we've recieved HD remaster. It's easier to remaster something that was already done than create something new right? Times of remasters. 

Now, this remaster wasn't bad at all. There are several pros. Most importantly, fan base. Secondly actual game at Steam Store (no idea if there was SD edition, if so write in comment please). Another pros contains working and great multiplayer, actual HD and the fact that you can just relive it all once again. 

I don't even know if there's something to say about this game. It has its campaign, that contains another campaign that  contains another campaign and same with The Conquerors + respective DLC content. So if you don't feel to play Skirmish yet or Scenarios or just free build then do campaign. But Skirmish at least for me is main element why I've played this game. And of course you start with nothing, nowhere, uneducated paesant and end up kinging your own Empire that will crush your enemies like nothing.

There is just f*ckton of nations (+ DLC nations) so you have really big selection and yes every have its own bonuses. Architecture looks really great, buildings, units and everything just like good old times. Wonders are spectacular. Architecture of new DLCs is also really beautiful. (No, I'm not hard on DLC content whatsoever). Game also have various game modes such as King of the Hill, Wonder Defense, Wonder Destroying, Relic Captures, DM and lot more.

It's really hard to tell how long Age of Empires II lasts for you. It just all depends what you prefer and how long it can keep you entertained. Some can get bored in few hours, somebody is still going to enjoy it even after 500 hours. I'm on over 150 at the moment, and I must say I'm really exhausted. So do your math.
Price point is kinda friendly especially during sale so don't think about it twice if you like RTS games. 

Multiplayer can get very interesting sometimes, sometimes laggy as hell sometimes smooth as I don't know, skin of some smooth human being. However it also depends on what you like. Me personally I don't like big farming and just rushing everything, so I enjoy more playing MP with all friends in lobby so there's no serious rush. But if you like opposite then hop into that MP or SP with hard CPU and it will be your heaven. 

There used to be a lot of bugs and glitches back in 2013 even with both SP and MP but everything is calm now and you can enjoy it to the max.

Last thing before end I want to adress are achievements. For me personally definition of Achievement is not to keep me in game longer than I should already be. If you want to keep me in game way way way way waaaay longer when I was already suppose to be done, that's not Achievement for me. Achievement should expose every element of the game possible. Achievement should cover every existing aspect of the game or action you can done without holding you inside game for too long. So if anybody thought it would be wise to put achievements like these in Age of Empires II HD was clearly nuts. Yes it covers everything, but it fairly exceeded anything sane. 

[b]Bonus Point: Nostalgia of 1999[/b]
[h1]Rating: 8.5/10[/h1]
Age of Empires ll HD is one of the best Building Strategy Games  I´ve ever played!! Neither Offline or Online, you will have a lot of Fun. So to to this Game I only can give a full recommendation.

*Reminders come up again*
I have good memories of my dad teaching me how to play this RTS nearly 20 years ago.  Almost 20 years later at this moment in time (1/07/2018) there are a total of 18,423 players currently In-Game.  This stat should help to explain just how amazing this game truly is...

This game has successfully withstood the test of time and has held strong against other greats such as Warcraft, Starcraft and Command and Conquer.  It would not surprise me if this game is still just as popular another 10 years from now.  
I look forward to the future, when I will have the privilege of sharing this experience with my kids someday. 
10/ 10 - Zashish
I thought I was over my AOE addiction back when MSN zone shut down.  I managed to go outside and make some friends. I even got a girlfriend and a job. Life was good until a colleguage told me to check out the black friday steam sale.  I noticed AOE HD listed with 70% off and immediately started having flash backs of the game from back in 2000.

I have to say the game hasn't changed from what I remember and once I got the hang of the keys I was playing like a pro again.  In the first few months there were crashing issues in the lobbies but these have been fixed recently. I now love playing it just as much as I used to and spend most nights in deathmatch games.

The population limit increase it the only feature i've noticed to really improves the game from the original...apart from that its the same, so probably overpriced for a 15 year old game. Reasonable if you pick it up in a steam sale.

Unfortunately my girlfriend got sick of the sound of camels moaning while she tries to watch towie so our relationship took a bad turn...my boss has also noticed my work productivity has decreased because I spend too much time sitting in deathmatch lobbies when i'm supposed to be working...he said if things don't improve I will be fired.

I think I could enjoy this game more if I was single and unemployed but at the moment it's causing too many problems :(


I remember, our family just bought our first computer, it is very hard to say, but it is the truth, that it was in the last century.

One of the first games we played was the Age of Empires 1. And then suddenly it turned out that a sequel is being released. An epic game about the skirmishes in the Middle Ages.

We were absolutely crazy about it. The graphics, the colourful patterns, the unique units and the firearms first appearing in this game, were absolutely amazing. We have made our first multiplayer parties with the Age Of Empires II - Regicide game mode.

And now, after fifteen years or so, a revised version has been created, incorporating additional elements from the the later editions of the game, and making improvements in the graphics, at the same time keeping the 2-D graphics. 

What I really like about Age of Empires, that it has always found the balance between the realism and the playability. Even if it is rather an arcade-like strategy game, it could be used also as an alternative tool about teaching history. Not to mention, it is a really great game to play with.

I recommend for everyone to give a try with it. For me it will always be the number one real-time strategy game.
If you know what Age of Empires 2 is: get it. The HD version is a delight and they also added multiplayer support and decently-priced DLC. The remake is among the best i’ve played.

If you don’t know what AoE2 is, you are in for a sweet treat, a blast from the past, a game of… much fame? Alright I’ll stop.

AoE2 is a RTS in which you play one of many olden civilizations, starting in the Dark Ages, and progress all the way to the Imperial Age, all while expanding, building an army, creating defences, researching military/industrial/agricultural improvements, leading your forces to battle, creating trade routes, protecting wonders, finding relics, gathering all seven Dragon Balls et cetera et cetera.

The “to do” list might intimidate new players, but AoE2 plays as smooth as butter, with easy controls and button layouts. After a few sessions and looking up a guide, you too will have a strong starting economy and empire in 15 minutes during skirmishes (campaign can be a different beast altogether).

The economy is based on 5 resources: food, wood, stone, gold and population (from houses). There are multiple ways to get each resource, albeit stone and wood trading is a bit difficult with the AI since this isn’t really a game about diplomacy. Gold however can be taken from “trading” easily among two of your marketplace buildings: the further they are, the more you get.

Be prepared to spew out villagers left and right and grab any rock and log you can get, since you will need them to build an army. Besides the regular soldiers, each civ has it’s own perks and a castle with a unique soldier. Some have restrictions to certain troops or upgrades, making sure each one feels and plays slightly different.

All of these can be inspected neatly in the Tech Tree, available both in and out of game. You will also find an encyclopaedia about medieval battles, units, buildings, kingdoms; all sorts of neat things that old farts like myself wish were still around in modern games. It’s also worth mentioning that AoE2 HD, without any DLC, has 9 historical campaigns that are both entertaining, educational and, at times, hard as nails.

If you like “easy to learn difficult to master” RTS games, absolutely get it.
One of the RTS classics alongside C&C & Starcraft, Age of Empires 2 is brought remastered on steam. Now supporting all HD resolutions, reworked terrain, water & building textures/sprites, it definetly looks better than it did a decade ago. Gameplay is left mostly untouched, with the only notable change being a pop cap increase to 500. Multiplayer is handled through steam, meaning (generally) more stable MP, but with the caveat that LAN got removed from this version.

The constant support and existing features makes this a version to get even if you still have your old copy laying around.


2018 edit: This review is somewhat outdated by now, since the game has received a crapton of patches and 3 whole DLC expansions since it was written. It still does not have LAN though.
Played this to death as a kid and it is exactly how I remember it.

AoE2 is the quintessential medieval base builder that has you conquering your opponents through four "Ages", with progressively stronger and better units. Best part was they released an expansion after more than a decade because this game has such a cult following.

The game has you gather resources, build structures, amass units and go trapsing over maps of all kinds. These range from tiny islands to pretty decent sized representations of European climates that have you seek out and destroy your enemies or win by several other not-so-total conquest game types. The new expansion allows those maps to be massive and adds even more civilizations to play with, making the total 23. These civilizations span from all corners of Europe, Asia and the Middle East. All units have voice clips in their native languages to help with the feel of every faction being truly different in addition to visually unique buildings and units depending on the cultural locale of your civilization.

With its migration to Steam AoE now has great multiplayer support, achievements, and Steam Workshop capabilities that will allow the sharing of user-created content to be spread much easier than having to download things like scenario  maps from a third-party webpage over dial-up as I did back in the day.

If you played this game in the past, it is well worth picking up again if nothing more than for nostalgia goggle syndrome because you know just how fun this was. If you somehow missed the boat in the past and are a fan of games like this there is literally no reason you should not own this game. It has been improved and will more than likely be considered one of the fine wines of gaming; Better with age and enjoyed even more with friends.
Age of Empires II HD is a real-time strategy from Microsoft Studios. It is a perfected version of Age of Empire II: The Age of King and Age of Empire II: The Conquerors expansion pack reimagined in HD and now entirely as one single game. Everybody know what Age of Empire is unless you're really new to PC gaming, the game is a legend, was the best classic real-time strategy of that time.

All gameplay and features in this game is left untouched and are very exactly the same as the old Age of Empire II except for the new 500 population limit for skirmish play, let's you train even more units and having a larger battles and larger tactics than before.

The graphics has been improved slightly where you can see the new water and fire textures and effects are better than before. The new widescreen support for the game are also included. The rest still retain the same graphics as before.

Well, the exact same gameplay and features could be the good or bad thing, because most people don't like buying things similar with what they already have, own or taste, but if you're looking for the old Age of Empires II in a new and better way then it is for you. All the story campaign, civilization is all there and the new Steam workshop integration is the best thing so you now can download many user created content ranging from maps, scenarios, AI scripts and many more to customize your game or create your own stuff and share it with everyone in the Steam community. I say this is a good remake, I  recommend this.

Rating 9/10
[i]The review is written from single-player perspective.[/i]

[h1]Short version: 81%[/h1]
Age of Empires 2 is one of the most popular strategy games ever made, thanks to its large variety in civilisations, units, and tactics that suit many play styles. While this Steam release added some unwarranted bugs and issues, its expansion packs and ease-of-use mod support can make it a great edition for newcomers.

[h1]Long version:[/h1]
The original Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings and its expansion disk, The Conquerors, remain one of the highest-rated real-time strategies of all time. They feature mechanics that are easy to grasp but takes years to master, and many unique civilisations to choose from—even if all of them share a certain common unit and technology pool.
This variety can easily help anyone to practise different play styles (from slow turtle-like base-building to aggressive rushes) on the game’s several campaign missions and dozens of randomly generated map types, offering nearly limitless replay value even in single-player, let alone in the busy multiplayer scene.

The game proved so popular over the years that eventually a group of fans decided to take over its post-release development, which resulted in this HD edition, where the main feature is its strong Steam integration.
This base game in itself offers little compared to the fan-made free UserPatch (created for the original version). I would still consider AoE2HD the better single-player experience for a newcomer, thanks to some of the small user interface tweaks and many of the gorgeous Workshop graphical mods. However, we have to admit that the game’s real strength lies in its DLCs that add some new and interesting content (and in the multiplayer, but that is out of the scope of this review).
One of the first games I have every played. I got it on a disc from a local game store. I was immediatly addicted. As a 13 year old boy I used to come down at night to play this game and go back to bed around 7 AM, had a 30 min sleep and pretended to not be overly sleepy. For some reason my parents thought it was better to throw the game away, but I had forseen this. So I had bought a second one just in case. Even this one was destroyed in the process. So when I found this game on steam a couple of years later, I just had to get it. 

Trategic thinking and micro managing are the essentials of this game. However don't forget to keep your economy in balance. It is a really hard game for beginners, but when you get used to it.... It is for me the best strategic game I have ever played. One can only hope age of empires IV will be as great as this one.
Age of Empires II is arguably a hidden gem in the RTS genre. The original game may be old, but it stood against the test of time. Most RTS games do not even have the same depth as AoE had established. 

How good is it? 

*The game allows players to adopt all sorts of different strategies. One can build walls and castles for defense, or focus on offense and pit enemies with swarms of knights or archers. 

*There are multiple civilizations, ranging from the Britons to the Mayans, each with their own benefits and shortcomings. Every time a match is played, it's almost never the same thanks to the diversity. 

*Gameplay wise, combat isn't the only aspect that is prioritized. The in-game economy is something to consider, as most resources are not infinite. Trees eventually deplete, food sources as well, and the same goes for stone and gold deposits. The fight for control over the sparce resources can be intense. It's also worth mentioning there's a degradation rate for wild animals, where it slowly decays and can be rendered useless after a set time has passed. 

*AoE has a phenomenal soundtrack and goes well with the atmosphere of the game. The music starts off as calm when starting out and it gradually grows on players the more they compete in AoE. 

*The Workshop addition and the map editor are great additions for AoE, where anyone can download custom maps, retextures, and other related materials, and even publish them. 

Still, it does have flaws even for a great game. 

*Running on an old engine means it cannot handle that many AI units at once. Even with a decent gaming computer, I have noticed units stutter and the game can lag when there are too many units in a large map. 

*The Steam version lacks the option to set a video resolution and the ability to zoom in and out. 


Even then, my only regret is not playing it sooner. Grab it now when it's at a sale.
>Play as Slavs
>Select hardest difficulty
>Among my opponents are a Jap and a Mongol
>I immediately mass up resources to get to castle age
>They constantly harass me
>Iknewyouweretrouble.mp3
>Build wall and towers to keep Japs and Mongols out
>Once I reach castle age, I build nothing but monks
>Japs and Mongols come back for their daily harassment routine
>I amass my army of monks
>They mass convert behind the safety of walls
>wolololo.mp3
>Watch in glee as Japs and Mongols are forced to kill their former comrades
>Reach imperial age
>I research all monestary tech
>My monks are now super armoured slavic monks
>I rally them all to march against the Mongols
>wololololo.mp3
>His hoarde is now my hoarde
>[b]Genghis Khan defeated[/b]
>I'm coming for you, damn Nippons
>I gather my super monks and wololoed Mongols
>I march them against the Nippons
>wolololololo.mp3
>Witness Samurais now loyal to me kamikaze attack a castle en-masse
>I go into doldrums from severe laughing fits
>[b]Oda Nobunaga defeated[/b]
>March the lot back to my city
>En route, the Mayans that I overlooked until now attack me
>They have monks too
>I build more monks to convert them
>wolololololololololololo.mp3
>Magnificent sight to behold as monks from both sides convert back and forth
>I see dots of purple coming from the fog
>Its Mayan petards
>Ponder on how illogical that is based on historical knowledge
>Snaps back to reality upon hearing explosion
>Watch in horror as my super monks get spit-roasted by enemy petards and monks
>Rage quit

10/10 Would emotional rollercoaster again
When I was just 8 years old, I began to play this game with my father, and now I am 21 years old.
I used to used the pirated software,but now I decide to support original
As the milestone of the Real-Time Strategy, you should buy it to play or just collect it ,it  is well worth it.
当我还是个8岁小孩的时候，我和我爸一起玩的这个游戏，现在我已经21岁了
我原来一直使用盗版软件，但现在我决定支持正版
作为RTS游戏的里程碑，他值得你去玩或者仅仅是收藏，他值得这么做
If you, like me, happen to be among the ranks of the Olds, then you (probably) fondly remember booting this thing up on a Win 98 PC for hours and hours on end and ignoring that stupid essay assignment for your droll Rhetoric & Composition AP teacher- which, incidentally, is why you got low marks that year, didn't make it into a good school, and instead of working a high-paying job earning enough money to rise above the pervasive, festering cesspit of modern American society, are still dumping hours into a game you owned 20 years ago.

I hope you like achievements; they're the gamer's balm for failing to reach a higher tax bracket, and the Steam version of this title has them in spades.
You know what is better than a dive in memory lane?
A game that still is as good as you remember it!
Many times I try to play older games I loved as a kid, only to find out that for today standards are not just outdated but also feel wrong, nothing like your sweet nostalgia remembers.

But now AOE II, this game us still very playable and feels as good as back in the day.

The only negative I have is that the main campain is fully unlocked from the begining, something that kill the feeling of progression through the game.


A rabbi, a bishop, and an Age of Empires priest walk into a tavern.
They were having a conversation about who’s religion is better.

“Judaism is the one true path!” said the rabbi.
“The people should be Christian!” said the bishop.
“Wololo” said the Age of Empires priest.

Both agreed Age of Empires priest had the best religion.

A classic that i never got a chance to play as a kid. After putting ~100 hours in, i can safely say this game stands the test of time. The single player is fun, but the AI leaves a lot to be desired; this game really shines when playing with friends. There are many game modes, maps, mods etc that will keep you playing for a long time. The scenario builder is brilliant as well. Multiplayer is still relatively active, with noob friendly servers as well as servers for skilled players. One of the best RTS's I have ever played. WOLOLO 10/10
[b][h1]Age of Empires II HD[/h1][/b]

[i]Pros:[/i]

+ Finally MULTIPLAYER!
+ Old memories from the past comes back!
+ TBH the best game for LANs
+ Nice campaigns
+ Easy to understand 
+ Unique technologies for each race
+ Thanks to the DLCs, forgotten races are inclueded to the game
+ Customizing your own maps!
+ Many game mods! (King of the Hill, Wonder Race etc.)
+ COOL: Races speak actually their language
+ ELOsystem in Multiplayer
+ Nice and kind Community
+ Each race have their Unique Elite Units. (Example: Japanese with their Samurai; or Britons with their Longbowman)

[i]Cons:[/i]

- Have to buy DLCs for the forgotten races
- You'll need much practice to rock!


[i]Conclusion:[/i]

Maybe the first game that I've been played in my childhood. Buying it again in HD version is definitely not a regret. Thanks to the DLCs we are also allowed playing African races in Age of Empires II HD. Although the DLCs are bit too expensive, it's still worthy buying them, because of the nice campaigns you can play with the new races (Learning a bit more history isn't bad eh? :p). I'm not the most skillfull player in that game, but playing in Multiplayer is awesome! It is a great feeling if u destroy your online opponent with your favorite race (my all favorites are Teutons because i'm from germany). I recommend this game for every strategic lover! Also this game is one of the best for LAN nights.
As a Chinese player, this game gives me more influence than I originally expected. When I was a junior high school student, The background of the game, based on historic reality, draw my much attention to western history and abundent tales and I am lost in them. Therefore, it became a habit for me to look up reference for relative knowledge when playing "Campain manu", which raises my grades in history subject in the whole period of my middle school. 
Now, it has another function for me. That is function of learning English.When I bought this, I found the language can be switched from Chiese into English and I can learn English form every small icon.Besides, I also like the introductions of  respective histories of  many countries and civilizations.However, when I search on the Internet, I can't find the texts of the historical  introduction and I can't find the right position of these texts in the game contents. I hope someone can tell me where to find them. Truly, if someone can procide me with ENGLISH LEARNING CARDS (every small icon matches a English vocabulary), I would appreaciate it.
If you used to be a gamer and feeling nostalgic, this is one of the best time pass you can resort to. At $40, the HD Expansions bundle is not cheap. However, taking in to account the hours you'll potentially spend in game, makes it worth the price tag - just think about how many hours you used to put in between 1998 - 2001. 

The game play is almost unchanged from the original game. However, the  new civilizations / campaigns added, are quite balanced and will keep you interested​ for a very long time. 

So pick up where you left off!! See you in the lobby!!!
Age of Empires 2 is in my opinion the best game ever made. It's a timeless classic that is still just as enjoyable today as the day it came out. In my opinion it is the best RTS game of all time and for that to still be true 10 years later, it is certianly worth full price.

However, this is the HD version so it is slightly different. Graphics are practically the same - which is ok for such a timeless game. However it doesn't quite live up to it's HD title. However, I came back for the game - not for anything new.

This HD version HDifys the gameplay rather than the graphics. It adds a new map size and increases the highest pop cap to 500 - allowing for much better games if your PC can handle it. The new map size hurts the PC more than the pop cap though and I've played 500 pop games on a laptop on the old standard map size. I don't recommend doing that with more than one player though. Nonetheless, huge armies are very fun to play with and add that little thing that we probably would've modded in. However - if this is what sold you then make sure you have a decent PC for it because it gets unbearably laggy on certian systems.

Another update is the new AI which they patched in at some point. As a man who prefers to do single player, this new AI added a proper challenge to the old game when I played all the time during my childhood. I used to be able to take on  6 other AIs on the hardest difficulty all on the same team. Now I struggle against them on equal footing. However, you do have the option of playing against the original AI if you want. Even a mix if you really want. The only problem I've found with it is that it will focus on water whenever there's a significant amount of water on the map. This can be good at times but when they attempt a galley rush on highland and you walk right around them it's limitations can be quite apparent.

One big flaw is it's multiplayer. They've removed the LAN function for some reason. Despite this I still play this at LAN parties but we play through the online mode. A little bit annoying. Another thing is the lag. There's a noticable lag between when you click somthing and when it notices. This did cause problems but they are working on patching these problems out. The lag still exists but I'm no longer having the problem of me putting many houses in a line and it registering the house I accidently placed rather than the ones I wanted. However, I have played an entire game which was full of unbearable lag. However, it has multiplayer (the original's doesn't work anymore) and it actually lets you try the new civillisations from the expansion packs in it.

Overall, this is still the Age of Empires 2 that I loved all my life. It didn't need updating but they gave it a go and basically refreshed the experience a bit by letting me play on larger maps and with larger populations. Still the same game and therefor worth full price in my opinion. I'd personally say that the fact that the game is still being updated and you've got expansion packs if you want more, it's somthing you should get. Even if you've never played it you should try this game as it is the best game of all time in my opinion.
Great Game. A game that has made me lose hours of my life on it but they were all worth it. It is the game that introduced me to gmaing as a whole and i have always enjoyed coming back to a classic game which always seems to unfold differently everytime I play.
> Bought this game for myself
> Played it and enjoyed it a lot
> Bought this game for my friend who isn't that much of a fan of game like this
> We played one session for 3 hours straight and thought we played 30 mins
> Conclusion: Time can be deceiving
A old classic game that is always fun to play. it may be old and the graphics might not look the nicest, but if you can play 3 hours straight without noticing how much time has gone by, I can sure tell you it is a good game.
I remember back in 2000, 2001 ish. I was about 6,7 years old and I remember sitting on my father's lap. I remember those summers, long and humid and hot. My father would be playing Age of Empires the Conquerors. It was the first game I really got into, I remember back in early 2000s all the internet cafes in China would be filled with people playing AOE, warcraft, starcraft, and red alert. AOE was the game everyone plays. I remember one time I played against my father when he had to stay at work late and I just got to feudal age and he put a freaking castle in front of my TC. I was crying and I was so sad. Those were the days. And Now I cant tell you how excited I am to get back into it. Classics never die.
I vaguely remember watching my dad play this game when i was a kid. The game is still very fun to play even after around 20 years since the release date. Great game!
[h1]Age of Empires 2: HD Edition is not for everyone![/h1]

If you are considering to buy this game which is sort of a remastered and updated version of the original game from 1999 then you need to know that this game is not for everyone especially how it works online. I didn't expect this game to run completely smooth especially in multiplayer but the fact that most games do go on until the end is what makes this great. 

[b]One thing you must remember when playing multiplayer either with friends or other people is to make sure everybody has an okay Internet connection. Just one player with bad connection can ruin a game and possibly making it go out of sync. When playing a match if you host it or joining one, game speed will make a huge difference on how much time you will spend playing a game so you need to know how to budget your time if your planning to play a game.[/b]

Here's a a single example on how this game was pushed to its limits on multiplayer and the game didn't crash or disconnect (desync) even to me. Jump to 04:18 part on this video to see the main action unfold. The gameplay here is dated on the current version dated December 18th, 2016.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2Xw0c4LLAE

Finally, I wanted to show anybody who is considering to buy this game should see this video. Basically it was me on a 2 vs. 4 HARDEST AI in this game. The battle went on for about 4 hours and 3 minutes, the games timer said about 6 hours because the game speed was set differently. In short, the AI was tough but me and another player emerged victorious. This battle also was dated on the game version dated December 18th to December 19th, 2016. Make sure to jump ahead to 3:59:00 to watch the beginning of this long match.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtuuWAFbRjs

I'm not an expert on strategy games so I won't go into great lengths about this game but what I can tell you is that it is fairly easy to grasp and a bit difficult to master just like Rocket League. Only way to get better is to play over and over and refining your techniques in order to build your mighty army. This game has support of the Steam workshop so you can modify this game to make it look however you like and that's a good thing for people that are used to seeing good visuals on modern games.

I can't say much on the sound since the original soundtrack, banter and death sounds are still present here however you can get variety by getting new material on the Steam Workshop if you wish to.

Overall, if you are sort of interested in strategy game or you love this type of gameplay then feel free to get this game. I recommend to wait until it's on sale though.

[b]7.5/10[/b]
What could I possibly say about Age of Empires 2? Older players know it very well and played it in their childhood, maybe were lucky enough to setup LAN and play with/against their friend. Now we can play it again in "HD" (supports today's resolutions + some more minor things like using shaders etc.) and with new content (through DLC). Mechanics and all that we love about this game remained unchanged.

I don't know about others but I'm really grateful for such a successful reincarnation of this gem. I'm going through campaigns right now and sometimes throw a skirmish in and the feeling is still there. This is really old-school RTS "how it should be done" for me and I highly recommend it to anyone who stumbled upon this review.

I played on Linux through Steam in Wine until I tried Steam Play (Photon) a few days ago which is basically the same but "made by Valve built in Steam function". The game runs just like if I was running it on Windows - flawless. It is even better than through Wine.
Well I had a P1 PC with 200mHz processor, 64mb ram, and 1 GB HDD when I'm played on my Win98 with the original game first time, and this was my favorite game. Now after something like 17 years later, I'm really happy that it's doesnt hurts my eyes when I'm playing with it on these HD screens, and I still love this game.
[h1] Age of Empires II: HD Edition ★★★☆☆ (3.6) [/h1]

The best real-time strategy game ever. This HD version solves many of the problems the original Age of Empires II had (like the unbalanced civilizations with overpowered units), and has some excellent campaigns along with an online mode that still has an acceptable amount of players. 

[b]The good: [/b]

✔ Gameplay. 
✔ Very good single player campaigns. 
✔ Great civilization variety (more if you have the DLC’s)
✔ Plenty of maps (and bigger than Age of Empires 3)
✔ Diplomacy options (non-existent in Age of Empires 3)
✔ Higher population limits than Age of Empires 3.
✔ Unlimited defenses and ships.
✔ Steam Workshop (and achievements)
✔ Has and acceptable amount of online players considering how old the game is.
✔ The resource management, economy and map explorations are very good and quite superior to Age of Empires 3.

[b]The bad: [/b]

✖ Graphically outdated.
✖ Some bugs and problems (for example, units getting stuck between trees)

[b] Recommended at any price, though it usually gets an 80% discount while on Steam sales. [/b]
First of all, thanks to my friend Augo, who gifted me this game.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

This game is, truly, a masterpiece. If you liked Starcraft, you will love this game. What's the objective of this game? Winning. How? Well, make an empire. Defeat other players. Be the best one.

GRAPHICS:

Well, what can you expect from a 99s game? Nothing but trash (compared to new AAA games), right? Well, this remake has made the graphics lovely. They changed a little bit and now, you can play the game at 1080p.

GAMEPLAY:

This is the very best thing of the game. The gameplay is exciting, fast, and makes you want to keep on playing. I just have 5 hours, but Augo gifted me this game 1 day ago (31/10/16).

STORY:

This game has a few campaigns to complete. Since I started playing on normal singleplayer, the tutorial itself it's a campaign about how the Scottish rebeled against  Edward Longshanks.

SOUND:

This game has a very beautiful soundtrack, but it's quiet repetitive after hearing it everytime.

OTHERS:

This is a very good example of remake. The bad thing is that the new AI is very strong. They can make a great empire in a matter of minutes.
Very replayable game. It has trading cards, Steam Workshop, map editor and even multiplayer.
This is, definitely, a classic. 

Why are you reading this? GO BUY IT! :D

---------------------------------------------------------------

If you REALLY readed all of my review, thanks so much. This is my first serious review, as I mostly do joke reviews with memes and jokes.

Thank you for reading!! Hope this was helpful.
Man, this game is just the best!

So much to say about this game. Some games are hard for me to write about in a non-biased fashion. This is one of those games. I have played so much of AOE II. Really, it is a staple of any RTS fanatics game library. I have played all of the AOE series and I have to say that this is my absolute favorite. In part, my love for this game is more about our long history together. I remember playing this game as a kid in a dark converted garage basement with my friends in an all night LAN party. I also remember playing the suprisingly informative single player campaign settings into the wee small hours of the morning. You dont have to be great at this game to still enjoy it. Even if your civ is wrecked in early game due to an unforseen rush you still have the pleasure of watching your friends kick the crap out of each other with elephants and huskarls. Endless entertainment! The strategy of this game is non-stop fun and in my opinion better than other RTS games. It is resource management, geographical awareness, and military might all rolled into a neatly designed package. Each race is unique and has its advantages and disadvantages compared to each opponent. I have spent days of my life thinking of nothing but how to use the Chinese to develop an impenetrable fortress, trying to find space for the food required for my Persian elephants, and how to make the Koreans effective in any way possible. Excluding the developments from Bethesda, I can safely say I have not played any other game as much as I have played this one. The replayability of this game is unmatched, and you can tell that the masses have supported this theory as the developers are continuing to release updates packs for this game to this day. This game is old and simple but the mechanics are sound and need no augmentation. It never has, and that is the brilliance of this game. It was good then, It is good now. 

Now sure we could compare this game to other stout RTS games like Starcraft and C&C, or we could even compare it to its contemporaries like Dune. It can be the competetive game like Starcraft is, but thats not the point of AOE. It is a game for friends. I, like 99% of gamers, am not about competing on center stage. I just want to have a good time with my mates. This game has always delivered on that front. There are so many games like it, but they just dont intrigue me in the same way. Again I am biased, but this game defines a part of gaming for me. Its got a spirit to it that i just cant get enough of. The map generator is a blast, the game types require different strategies, the tech trees are catered to each civilization. There is simply nothing more to ask for. It is near perfection. If you dont have it, buy it. Buy it now! Get the DLC now! Get your friends to buy it! Play it! Request more wood! Request more gold! Build a navy! And for God's sake create more villagers!
Man... every time i look at my library and go... "what should I play... nothing here..." and then I see AoEII... my face turns joyous... I remember the scent of woods, from back when I played it at my grandfathers PC who lived on the countryside in Slovakia... I remember my incompetence but the joy I had while playing... and I boot up the game... Now... grown up and my brain working at adult capacity... the game is even better... Classic, must have, fo it, why are you waiting?
This game is a musthave. It should be played by everyone atleast once if you are born before 2000. Gather some friends, challenge ea in combat.
- You dont like this game?
- Monk: Wolololo! 
Now you like this game. 
Great game, fully recommend. 10/10
The year was 1999 and I was coming home from school with only one thing on my mind... Trampling over cities with a herd of Persian elephants. It is a rare occasion when we see a video game span over multiple decades and continually keep players interested in it's core mechanics. There have been countless books, videos, and podcasts dedicated solely to the strategy and tactics associated with just this game. Loved by many, hated by few, respected by ALL. Age of Empires II is one of the best video games we will ever see produced in our lifetime.
[b]You might like if:[/b] You loved the original and want an untainted remix on your modern machine... only with sharper graphics, stronger AI and more maps! Or, if you're new to the scene, want an RTS which balances the build-up of an empire with decent-paced games (and you can stomach how old it is)

A fine example of a remaster done well! If you have the burning taste of nostalgia for Age of Empires - this is easily the best version to go for.

It's a clean upgrade of the original game and its expansion, Age of Conquerors - bringing in very welcome improvements: Sharper graphics, smoother movement, stronger AI... all whilst leaving the fundamental nuts and bolts very much alone and un-fudged with. There's no attempt to 'reimagine' here, it's exactly what you loved, only better. (Well... except the new fire, but there's a mod for that). There are also balance changes; but these have, thankfully, been honed over thousands of hours of top, competitive play... so are not the result of horrifyingly whimsical "hey, I think Teutonic knights are too slow.... You know what they need? Bazookas".

For a veteran who wants to see life breathed into one of their favourite titles - this one should tick the box nicely!


Now... if you're [i]new[/i] to the series, this is where it gets a little tricky. The game will undoubtedly feel dated to the likes Total War, Dawn of War or Battle for Middle Earth. So a few things to bring your attention to when pondering this game:
[list]
    [*]The graphics remain sprite-based like the original. So there's no 3D camera or zooming here.
    [*]No squads, so it's all about individual units. This may make battles feel a bit smaller or fiddly if you're used to bigger titles (but don't worry - hotkeys and controls groups are a thing)
    [*]The factions all draw from the same, fundamental tech tree (with the exception of their unique unit). Their difference is in which techs they have available and their faction bonuses.
    [*]Economy (and your builder units) plays a [i]huge[/i] role here. It's as much about balancing your economy, protecting your villagers and securing resources as it is about combat and smashing things with trebuchets.
[/list]

Its strength though is, to me, its balance. You have decent-scale base-building, resources to harvest, scouting, harassing and all-out combat. The progression is paced brilliantly so that the defender starts with the biggest advantage but, over the 4 ages (akin to 'tiers'), the balance swings more in favour of the aggressor - providing a nice build-up in games that can last anywhere from 40 minutes to a few hours (in general). I find the larger focus on economy makes for a refreshing strategic change, especially in late game where it opens up more opportunities for thwarting your opponents with your medieval shenanigans. The trade-off is that you do not necessarily get epic clashes of armies, but more ongoing skirmishes.

For me, it's fundamentally the enjoyable balance of economy and military. You get the fun base-building and build-up of an empire, married with a decent pace of play... Kinda like a pocket-Total War, if you will (albeit with considerably fewer units). Empires in a 2 hour slot. If the pace piques your interest - it might be worth a spin!
Instead of writing a review, let me tell you a story. I recently had an online 3v3 match where I had to fight the Japanese, British, and the Spanish. Early on, my friend got attacked by the Spanish which left his empire severely crippled. He sent some villagers to settle next to my empire so we could attack together. Around the beginning of the second hour, we kept getting attacked by the Japanese, so we assembled large armies to push through. Soon enough, my navy and our armies destroyed the Japanese. We both settled in the area because the Japanese left a lot of resources around. Resources were scarce around midgame, so we set up small strike forces to chip away at the British empire. Soon enough, we lead an ambush on the British, attacking their buildings and razing their farmlands. We killed their army and destroyed their most important buildings, eventually causing them to surrender. Our last enemy were the Spanish. Led by Queen Isabella, she had armies of monks and conquistadors. We kept getting our asses destroyed by her forces, almost leading us to surrender. She had controlled most of the land, which would prove to be a challenge to us. It took us about 2 hours to destroy her navy and kill her conquistadors and monks. Soon enough, she surrendered, as we just toppled the largest empire on the continent and brought it to its knees. We won the match when the clock struck 5 hours.
God I love this game.
Absolutely love this game. Have 800+ hours put into it, but I'm still terrible. Lots of strategy and practice needs to be put in for this game. Each unit and building have their own upgrades, advantages, and disadvantages. The graphics are decent for a game where you watch little people running around for an hour and a half. People online are (mostly) super friendly and creating your own server for others is an easy process. The strategy is easy to understand, but extremely difficult to master in my afformentioned 800+ hours, but that's really why I love this game so much. Each tiny conquest, kill, or overall victory feels as if you had just conquered the world, but every failure just makes you want to try harder with each new game: Unlike other strategy games that are clearly filled with imbalanced characters that make you want to throw your computer out of a two-story window. Just buy the game and you'll see what I mean. A great purchase if you ask me :D
One of, if not 'THE' best, Real time Strategy game of all time!
I do have very fond memories of Age of Empires: Gold, as well as Rise of Nations, but AoE II takes the biscuit and slam dunks it from a bungee jump! (yes that is actually a world record!)
All the fun of building up your settlement to an empire, small to large scale battles and sneaky tactics, with 'mostly' correct history and a tonne of community created content and scenarios to boot.
I love the diversity of the units, buildings and nations, especially with the inclusion of the new DLC. Who doesn't want to lead an army of 150 samurai?! or throwing 75 petards into an enemys base from behind, erradicating everything in their path?
Would always recommend to anyone, even non RTS fans. 10/10
Back to 2005 when I 7 years old, my uncle taught me how to play this game and as a kid I really enjoy this game.

Until now, this game never gets old. Still best strategic game I ever play.
[b] TLDR, buy it. You will have hours of entertainment. This is a true classic. One of the best games of all time.[/b]

This is game is an historical classic.  One only needs to know the historical game's history to know that this is a fact. 

This game is  two decades old and has an active growing community of players. The original game was released in an era when RTS were frequently anticipated AAA titles, this is one of the only games from that era which has truely stood the test of time. It has seen success over its rivals, predacessor, successors and is one of the only true contenders (along with starcraft) for the greatest rts of all time. So what  makes this game so good?

Age of Empires 2 is a game that is simple goal and easy to understand mechanics, many layers of complexity. This makes it a fun game for a wide variety of skill levels. At the simplest level you have a city building RTS where you expand your town and destroy your opponents. This is a common game format, but age of empires 2 really perfected it. The game features a great set of single player campaigns which you follow the tales of historical figures such as Ghengis Kahn, Atilla the Hun, Jean De Arc etc. 

The game also features a mutliplayer which rewards players of all skill levels. Beginner players may take their time to build cities and large armies. Advanced players learn different strategies to engage in early game skirmishes. This is a game where the more you give to the game  the more you get from the game. 

Other fun elements of the game is the game has both indepth campaign editor, easy ai scripting  and allows users to view recorded games. This allows people to create their maps, study past games and really take their time to learn the game.
If you want to spend your time building a perfect civilization just to forget to make soldiers and have your civilization ransacked by a computer, then yeah. Buy it
So, what can I say?

It's Age of Empires II, the best game of the series.
It's still as addicting and fun as it has always been.

New support for higher resolutions, though it doesn't really look better to me, but it does improve the overall view.
Some new civilizations also made it to the game (DLC).

Overall the gameplay is pretty much the same as the original, didn't notice any major improvements, but this game didn't need any to begin with.

Price might seem high, but on a sale, this definitely makes for a decent purchase.
If there ever was a game deserving a 10/10 rating, should be the one that is being played extensively for over a decade. 

Such is the case with Age of Empires 2, this gem is just timeless, iconic, an absolute classic, played by generations. This game is an addiction passed on from father to son and onwards.

For every strategy enthusiast, this game is a must have, MUST... HAVE...
Opening first impression

WARNING PRETTY LONG REVIEW: 
well this is my first ever real review and i have alot to say about this game first i want to say I deffiently have had some experince from this game as you can see i have played over 1000+ hours and am still playing this game today. Now age of empires is not a bad game but it is deffiently not for everyone. Now lets dive into this review here.

Single player campaign

Say you dont have internet or maybe you just dont want to play online well there is a variety of levels in the single player campaign for you to enjoy from the french all the way to the aztecs the campaign is packed with hours of fun filled levels each having there own story its also a good place to start if you are new to the game its slow paced and gives you a taste of what the game is like and how it will handle

artificial intelligence

although they did update this to make it feel more like your verusing an online player it ovbiously still lacks what online players have wich is diffrent strategys and diffrent skill levels the AI in this game isnt the best and is flawed but i guess you have to make do with what you have. atleast i can say its better practice then the old AI that wouldint even get the last blacksmith upgrades in the imperial age making them a joke and very easyy to deal with. so i say if your going to do any sort of deathmatch or random map or scenario for the matter you should stick to playing with real people.

Scenario Editor

This is my personal favorite of the game are you tired of online dont feel like playing aginst the crappy AI then why not make your own adventure or your own story in the scenario editor. i have had hours of countless fun making simple levels that i enjoy by myself to complex levels that are still in development this is deffiently one of the best features on Age Of Empires 2 just buying the game for this is worth it very user friendly, easy to usr and organized. the triggers take some practice to get use to but you will soon learn fast. the best part is that you can share your levels with the public and many other players can play them.

multiplayer

This is where the main core of the problem is for the game multiplayer is very unstable very laggy and the community isnt to nice but its not the worst you still will find alot of decent player but ocassionaly run into the ones that always try to out do everyone or put other down. if you have much patience then you may be able to handle the lag but some game lag can just be unbarable. Dont even get me started on the dysync if there on accedent or on purpose they really know how to piss you off, The worst type is the player that does it intentionally because he or she is a sore loser or doesint want to lose ELO(the points that show your ranking in the game.

Civalizations

The game age of empires has a vast amount of civilizations to chose from in the game this maxumizes gameplay allowing you to tamper and play around with diffrent strategys for diffrent empires. maybe you like the ranged gunpowder of the turks or the close quarters combat of the aztecs. or maybe you like to ride the fearsome paladins of the franks into battle who knows there are many diffrent strats and builds you can try.

Age Of Empires 2 Overall

Age of empires is a very fun game if you can get past the  bad multiplayer lag although occasionally you come across some good lobbies that wont lag near as bad. even without multiplayer or if your preffer to play offline this game offers so much content that it takes a very long time to get bored if you chose to spend your money on the game even with its flawess i would say you would be makking a wise choice for 20 dollars i dont think you can go wrong.




Probably the best age of empires game (In my opinion)
- Always good to come back to an old classic,
- Wide range of Civs to play and game mode options
- Only real down side to this game is that the mutiplayer is extremly laggy even with a good pc, fps shits it's self when you do a 8 man/bots, May not help that i like the pop at 500 but what can you do :')
100/100 Superb Game !


*** I spend 45Euros on AOEII in overall. 
***I played it more than 1000 hours .. and will keep playing.
If we divide happy hours by euros spent 
then
***1000 / 45 = 20+ hours for each euro spent ! 

Can you imagine ? .. with 1 euro you get happiness of at least 20hours ! 
for many of people it will cross 50 also ! .. trust me :) 

and then for 1000 hours of happiness spending, 50 euros is really worth!
Isn't it? 

I feel bad, that even after playing this game in HD version for years, 
 am writing (keep modifying as well) the review pretty late !!
But, Its better late than Never! 

I really feel I have only one addiction and its nothing but AOE2. 
I do play other games, like stronghold, Zeus, still, AOE2 is my favorite! 

I enjoy Campaigns, and I like Multiplayer 1v1 matches as well to test my skills. 
I Feel this game gives you a good knowledge of history as well :) 

Means some knowledge, otherwise, there was no chance I could have been aware of Attila or Barbarossa or Montezuma or William Wallace being Indian :) I know great personality nearby and inside India. 

Well, I just like the process of managing resources and Military. 
I like to remember and use the Civ Bonuses and get the advantage in fights. 
This game serves all the purpose of mine. 
I have completed the most of campaigns.
and have played 300+ hours online! 

I RECOMMEND  ... YOU CAN BUY THIS DLC PACK WITHOUT ANY HESITATION!
Age of Empires II...


This is a game particularly close to my heart, its probably the second game i remember ever playing... at the age of 5 (first being a combat flight simulator that my older sister gave to me). It came to me in demo form from my older brother, the demo disk had this, homeworld 1, some online game which i never played cos my computer was never connected to the internet, and a hoverboard racing game. All demos. Oh boy, the amount of times i played the William Wallace campaign, i even used to just stare at the cool looking Paladins in the scenario editor screen. Time passed, tried Homeworld and that one hoverboard games demos. Eventually somehow got Age of Empires 1, cant remember how, but i do remember playing the hell out of it.

Years passed, was homeschooled and had to keep moving, so i didnt really have much in the way of friends, but at the age of 7 or 8 my older brother got Age of Empires 2 and the Expansion pack, letting me install it and use it.

I played that, and pretty much only that for... well atleast till i was 11, i had memorized all the nations, the stats of most of the units, and had fought hundreds of single player skirmish games (rarely had internet, and when i did i wasnt allowed to waste the small amount of data we had on online games), fought every faction, played every faction, tried every stratagy i could dream of.

Then i got a PS2 for my birthday and half a dozen games for it. Still played AOE on and off, but not nearly as much as i used to.

Couple years passed, found my old disk, and started playing again on and off.
The next year i got a new laptop for christmas, one that didnt overheat every half an hour when playing 3d games.
Even then i still played.

4-5 years passed and here i am, thousands of hours under my belt but i still play, and find it as challenging and fun as ever, hell, even recently got into Multiplayer.


Now, personal nostalgia aside, this next section is if you should get THIS version of AOE 2, there being other HD refits of this particular game. Voobly for instance has one which i hear is reasonably good (havent tried it myself).

The thing about this particular version is that it updates, but the devs arent exactly... competent enough that each update doesnt break something or other. Hell, for years this has been a buggy, laggy mess from what i have heard, having only got this last year. Recently it has reached some form of functionality, your PC wont catch on fire if you try to use the higher pop limits or the new map size, and multiplayer now works mostly as intended.

The DLC's... well, they have their own review sections.

Overall, not a whole lot has changed to the base game, new map size, HD resolutions (dont try in 4k, it doesnt work too well) better AI and some rebalances.


And for the new player i think i will write a seperate guide and link it, as explaining everything about this game would turn this into a massive text wall...


In conclusion, i think the devs of this HD edition could have done a better job overall, i personally hope someone will pick this game or the Genie Engine (what this game is built on) and build a new game with some more features, deformable terrain for instance would allow for more sources of gold and stone lategame and allow for artificial moats.

So yeah, i do recommend this game, weather or not you get this particular iteration is up to you.

A true 10/10 game, 6/10 devs.
The best RTS ever. One of the best games ever. It holds up remarkably well even after almost 20 years.  Theres a ton of content here, especially if you buy the expansions. if you like single player, theres 200 - 300 hours of historically based campaigns to have fun in. You can also have fun skirmishing against the AI on a huge variiety of maps with a large variety of civilizations. Theres also a thriving multiplayert scene. But be warned, it will take a lot of time learning build orders and such to be competitive online. Age of empires is a legendary game. If you like RTSs, you owe it to yourself to play this game.
ahhhhh....Age of Empires 2 , a game that i will never get bored of , not only cause its a good game it also has some really sick mods and campaigns , so what are you waiting for , BUY THIS GAME !!
[b] Age of Empires II [/b]

Aaah, the classic. Just the thing you need for a pleasant evening at the office. 
Very replayable, fun way to kill your time at work. 

+One of the best Real Time Strategies I could (My personal favorite) have on Steam
+Dynamic game play, graphics and animations are also good.
+Many game modes (the speed of the game can be toggled with, such as''Turbo'' mode), 
+Steam Workshop friendly, 
+Tons & tons of achievments.
+Map Editor, what can be used to create your own Scenarios and terrains for playing.
+Campaign, referencing many historical events of Medevial Dark Ages.
 
-(Personally my opinion) 
[list]
[*]They reduced the wildlife a lot. And only the domesticated ones can be killed for Food.
[*]Same is with the Stone & Gold mines. [spoiler] In AoE III Stone mines are completely removed from the game [/spoiler]
[/list]
-A lot of civilizations to play as, but most of them dont differ from each other. (same repeatative buildings, and units).
 
Thats all folks. Saddle up your horse, usheath the sword, wear your helmet and go pillage the other's village!
Always bet on blue.
Alice ♣
Graphical and AI updates have been made to the decades old original and a thriving Steam Workshop exist for this game. Simple to learn, difficult to master.
Still a classic beyond a shadow of a doubt. So many things done right. Of course as with any game, there are flaws, but no game is perfect and AoE's pros overwhelmingly out-match its cons. I'd go into more depth, but honestly, there are already so many comments that make detailed points on the good and the bad. Plus I don't think I'm eloquent enough lol 

Just a great game. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys any kind of RTS; this is the epitome of fun RTS gameplay. So replayable as well.
It is super fun to come back to the game I played growing up. Fun for multiplayer with friends. The "old" game works well. Multiplayer is stable and working.

The new campaigns are pretty bad. No voice and some bugs.
Hello Gamers,

SivSimple Review here!

Good RTS game - I recommend it 4/5

I love this game, used to play back in 2007 - 2008. That's when I got introduced to gaming/PC itself.
This game made me love my History classes(sometimes) and the RTS genre itself.

Try buying the AOE collection on a sale in Steam.
This game is a good game, it's very exciting when you attack with your soldiers, it does exciting sword clashing sounds, and the whoosing of arrows :D And, it's very cool to see African content, like zebras, elephants, lions, and African trees, on the map, if you get the African version, too. 
But the one thing that I do not like about this game is the campaigns. Just about all of them are bad, they have very sinister stories. In just about all of them, you are required to be an enemy of JERUSALEM, out of all things. I was absolutely shocked when I tried campaign after campaign, only to find that Jerusalem was always automatically the enemy in the levels. This is a very bad thing the AOE2 developers have done, to give you the option to do this, because Jerusalem is God's city, and the Jews are His people. 
The only reason I'm recommending this game is because of the DLC content, and the normal skirmish mode in this game is good, you can pick whatever nation you want to be, and who your enemies or allies are. That's what I always do whenever I play AOE2 now, I never do the campaigns anymore. I do recommend this game, but I would strongly recommend not to do any of the campaigns, except for the one with Joan of Arc, that one's fine.
The first word that comes to mind when thinking of this game is ~ Nostalgia. But irregardless of that this game still holds up as the greatest Real Time Strategy game ever made, truly a must have for anyone wanting to get into the RTS genre.

3 / 3 🌶️ Spicy.
Fun game with many different civilizations to choose from. The community is always posting new content and there are many hours of play that you can get from it.
A great and surprisingly in depth RTS that can run even on my toaster. The sound track will brainwash you, it will be stuck in your head for a loong time. The game play is great, the AI is challenging and the game it's self is pleasing to look at. 

I like it is basically what I'm saying.

Simply the best old-school and all time greatest RTS game.
The classic single player campaign gameplay paired with a HIGH PvP learning curve available through the multiplayer lobby.
Pray Microsoft makes Age of Empires IV on steam ....
No language us humans can understand has enough words for me to describe this game. Imagine the most fun you've had in your life then multiply it by 10. That's about the same as loading up this game.
AOE2 is one of those games that can span generations of players. My dad got me into when I was real young and I'm 23 now. Still playing the same game. It has never lost it's zeal. The possibilities are endless. The depth and strategy put into this game is unreal, and that is before the expansions packs. An amazing game.
I remembered playing this game way back and it was always one of my fav. war games. Once I played it again I see they added more expansions. The new buildings and styles all fit in perfectly.  *****5stars***** Excellent game.

Oh how many hours I spent playing this as a kid.

I've never even beat all the campaigns, I'm more than happy with random maps and online play with friends. Age of Empires II is a Real Time Strategy game that I believe really defines the genera. I struggle to think of modern equals. RTSs nowadays are way more complicated than this, and that's a two edged sword. But back to Age of Empires.

You can purchace this game today and still have fun with it. It's not as flashy, there aren't as many features, it's not as complicated, and it doesn't look as good, but it's still fun to play. The units and their strengths and weaknesses make sense. The building system is easy to use, but I've never felt the needs for more buildings. With all the different cultures, there's endless ways to play. One further point is that this game taught little 12 year old me a big chunk of history. Thank you Age of Empires II, for the good times and the big brain moments.
Age of Empires...TWO! Now this game I can talk a lot, but I'm gonna make it short because I hate typing. When the original AoE came out, I was unfamiliar with the concept of this game, slowly when I started getting used to the RTS elements of this masterpiece, I got addicted so much, upgrading from the stone age to the imperial age. 

You're goal is to create a kingdom, make houses, barracks for military purposes, same for the archery range, siege workshops and them stables, keep recruiting villagers to chop down trees for wood, kill animals for food and mine rocks and gold that make you're soldiers strong. 

Be sure to have a small army protecting you're village, otherwise you will get overrun by opposition forces. Don't take you're time playing this game, (Unless you just play it on the easiest difficulty) be steady, have you're villagers work fast, recruit soldiers and upgrade you're kingdom to a more advanced economy so you can construct more building, military capabilities and etc. When you're ready, have no mercy on enemy lands or just construct a wonder, the final building that will win you the match, but you'll have to hold on as you have 300 years (like maybe 15 mins) to hold on until you win, you'll have enemy forces trying to destroy it. This game definitely requires speed, unless you decided to play extremely defensive, so build a university and start making them fortified stone walls and defence capabilities such as trebuchets, catapaults and a very big army, also upgrade youre technology while youre at it. It requires strategy & planning, you want a good earned & challenging game, that also requires straedgy, this game is for you, be sure of that. (Play it on the hardest difficulty, I dare ya XD )
Online works, but it is difficult to join random games, would recommend with friends. Buy this game when it is on offer, as it is not worth the full price. If you like a sort of tactical thinking base building game, this is one for you, but beware online games are fast paced, so you would need the practice. 7/10.
I was excited to get into some new campaign mode stories, but the three new campaigns are garbage. Full of glitches, poor balance, they seem to have been slapped together without playtesting. The original and conquerors stories are still great. If you just want a nostalgia trip, at least it was cheap, but if you don't want to waste hours on a steaming pile, don't bother.
If you have a 4k monitor don't buy this game. It's a headache to constantly change desktop resolution just so you can see the UI.

Plays like it use to be the HD doesn't really mean much in the title. Better texture mods in the Workshop...just not good UI workaround.
What is AoE II HD?
Think about Forgotten Empires, add some paid DLCs, ruin optimiziation and viola! You got AoE II HD exprience alright!
Also, why the bloody fuck I can't play civilizations from standalone game (like mongols) without purchasing DLCs? This is EA level greedy.
In a lot of computers it cannot run, some kind of file in folder C:\Users\Jakes_workstation\... is missing. (Who the hell is Jake???) Comparing to the original version: every new "feature" is a huge pile of crap. Total different health and power relations in the game, idiotic sounds, the modified visual elements looking worse than the original, the DLC I bought was installed, but not appeared in the game, etc. Don't buy it, play with the original old version. That's way more better.
