It's a free game, so I expected it to be a quick 30 minutes of fun... But after initially playing it non-stop of a few hours, I soon realised that this is a real gem of a game. It stays true to the classic zombie genre with the slow walking zombies but it has it's fair share of "runners" too. The atmosphere is very dark and gritty, it's perfect for zombies and I love it. There's dozens of weapons ranging from guns to melee. There's always room for trying new strategies for the hordes of undead. There's a modest number of maps but each map has a changing structure that makes it different each playthrough. And both objective and survival gamemodes are equally fun. But as a personal opinion, objective maps are too easy as sometimes you can pretty much speedrun your way through the map and leave everyone behind with the zombies. Overall, it's a perfect zombie game and hearing the accompanying "pop" when you blow a zombies head off is pretty damn awesome. Compared to the L4D series, I'd say NMRIH is more realistic so it gets my preference in this genre. Give it a try, it's worth many hours of zombie killing.
I have spent more than 600+ hours in this game so do I recommend it? "YES, hell, YES!"- [b]BUT PLAY IT WITH FRIEND !!!!! [/b]

[b]The stuff i love about this game: [/b] 
1) Well, first off it is completely free (everything in it). 
2) It is unique and it tries to be as realistic as possible (unlike l4d for example)
3) It is unforgiving and yet very enjoyable (every mistake is punished hard but if you are doing well you feel like a boss!)
4) Brilliant animations (gun fire, reloadings, melee swings, healing animations, pill taking animations, suicide animations, ammo checking animations...)
5) Music (fits the game perfectly)
6) Maps (sewers, houses, abandoned churches, large cities, narrow streets, grave yards, bridges  and much more)
+tons of other great things (kid zombies, realistic guns, weapon varieties, zombie traps in certain maps etc. etc. etc.)
-------------------------------------------------------
[b]Unfortunately, here are some cons:[/b]
1) Mentality of the players (sh!ttons of newbies, i mean thousands of them just wasting ammo and resources in wave1, then dying, and disconnecting- repeat)- I STRONGLY RECOMMEND grab a friend or two, show them how to play this game and enjoy it to the bits.

2) Hit detection can let you down....sometimes... (Yeah, the hit detection is weird from time to time. Latest update improved it drastically but it is still not perfect ..yet..)

3) Infinite ammo servers (There is lots of them, they have destroyed the concept of the game completely, but on the other hand, there is still lots of vanilla servers with no modifications what-so-ever -> play there for maximum enjoyment)

4)Occasional crashes & tiny in-game hiccups

So yeah...give it a try, you have nothing to lose ;-)
9/10

It's sad that this little free 2 play game has put so many paid games to shame. Better support and updates than DayZ, better servers than Left4Dead, more interesting objectives than Killing Floor...it's just embarassing. Good job @Devs, you guys have a winner to put in your portfolio.
No More Room in Hell is a completely free co-operative first person survival horror game.
The game includes: 
    - Co-op play with up to 8 players.
    - Dynamic Objective Maps: Each time you play a map, objectives could be placed in different locations.
    - Realism: No crosshairs and no HUD.
    - Infection: When you get bitten by a zombie, it is possible becoming one of them. You only have a certain amount of time to heal or you will die and come back as a zombie.
    - 2 game modes: Survive several waves of zombies or do objective based maps.
    - A lot of maps.
    - Many different weapons.

No More Room in Hell is nearly impossible to win alone, cooperation is the key to win.
Graphics are average and not up to date anymore.
The sound fits to the game. There could be more sound effects but overall it is ok.
One of the best free games on Steam, especially when playing with friends. If you search for a zombie game - Try it!

Sounds 7/10
Graphics 5/10
Gameplay 7/10
Atmosphere 8/10

If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guides
http://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curation

Also feel free to check out my YouTube Channel: 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA
You're in for a world of pain.

No More Room in Hell (NMRiH for short) is a zombie-survival game with intense themes. You can see blood, death, and despair everywhere. Body bags on the street, with crashed cars and stores that are boarded up. There's a few weapons left, and you plus up to 5 other survivors have to make it to an extraction point by doing many different objectives. One objective could be quick as hell. Another might take tons of minutes. 

There are tons of zombies that are all really slow. It'll take a while before they'll get you, Barbara, but when they do, unless you're prepared you're pretty much dead. There are normal zombies, fast zombies, and child zombies. Normal are easy to kill, just hold down Mouse 1, release and then quickly press the V button (THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT! It pushes zombies back, and has saved my life A SHIT TON of times) and then do it again until they're dead. Fast zombies are the same as normal zombies, but they go faster and attack faster. Child zombies are quick too, but they can't bite you, only make you bleed. Melee weapons usually take two or three hits to the head, charged before they'll kill one zombie. If you just sway your weapon back and forth you'll find yourself either empty on stamina, or dead. 

A gun is good, but they're not common and ammo for the right gun, YOUR gun, is even more rare. A Beretta 92 or a Glock 17 will take 2 hits to the head (Or 1 if you stand still for a while, this is called "Deadeye") but their ammo is common and they have a large capacity. A 1911 will only need 1 bullet to the head, but ammo for that is rare and so is the gun itself, and it's only got a capacity of 7+1, but it will bring a world of pain to the zombies. A revolver is handy but it's got a lot of recoil, 6 shots and rare as hell ammo. Then there's big guns, MAC-10, MP5, M16A4, CZ858, Shotguns and Sniper Rifles, all of which take a lot of inventory space and have rare ammo (Except for MAC-10 and MP5, who uses .45ACP and 9mm), and they're all rare too. What I'm trying to say here is that all you need is a pistol and a good melee weapon to survive.

Then there are survival maps, which are about you and your team bunkering down and trying to protect one, two or three areas at the same time. These maps are very intense, and your team has to survive some waves with limited supplies and a horde of zombies. Hammer and planks are going to be your best friend, since they can slow down the zombies, but not forever. And sometimes The National Guard will drop in supplies for you and your team. This can include melee weapons, guns & ammo, medical supplies and other useful and handy supplies.

However, do not download this game if you are easily scared, this is a pretty scary games with dark enviroments and scary enemies.
One of the most realistic zombie survival out there.

This is like one of those good old zombie movies. Zeds ain't joking, you have trouble if you go anywhere than teh head. You'll see some runners here and there but with a good teamwork they can be dispatched real easily without taking a scratch. There are also child zombies, taking them down is a bit sad really. Overall a real hardcore experience, you'll stress out a lot. Lemme explain.

Almost all teammates are down, some were eaten by zombies, some were put down by you when their dead bodies attacked you... Not even a single bullet in the mag, only your axe and you. Shatload of zombies slowly making their way to you... And then you see the escape vehicle! Your teammate and you rush towards it but he gets grabbed at the last second.. Nothing you can do but escape while listening to the sound of flesh getting ripped off behind you... Dat feeling when you finish a campaign...

Talking about teammates... You'll have some trouble finding decent ones because oh boy.. This game has one of the worst communities I've seen. You usually run into 9 yo kids who spam mic and take all the ammo they can carry (which'll leave the rest of the team a lot less especially on objective maps where ammo is scarce) and then proceed to spend a whole mag on 1 zombie. Of course when they die, you'll find all kinds of ammunition dropped from their bodies. That is if you can GET to the body before one of the vulture players pick all the ammo clean. NO. This is not how it works. This is not L4D. 

If I buy a game that I KNOW it requires teamwork, I read the guides to have an idea what I'm about to do before joining a game. Just to not make the older players sick. I might perform bad, not everyone will succeed on their first try. ESPECIALLY in this game... But not these people. Hell I'll be happy if newbies just listened to older players instead of running around wasting bullets. Sadly no. You got hoarders, spray n prayers, little kids and people who don't understand English. This is %90 on public servers. BUT if you play with your friends or find at least 3-4 people that uses mic/chat by any chance, then you can go on for hours.

I'd pay the shat out of this game just to have a decent player-base. Because it definitely has lots of content, even more than some $$ games I'd say...
So, let's see what is this game all about...
Zombie Apocalypse, FPS, multiplayer, waves and waves of zombies, made with Source...
Seems like another crappy zombie shooter video-game right? Nope, not this one.
We don't get the "shooty-shooty", as ammo isn't found growing on trees like any FPS. Do we get immune to the zombie plague? No, we can get infected and die like starving dogs. Do we get to be heroes? Yes, but not the "Hollywood" type of hero, we are just trying to survive in this damned world. Is there any story, if any, to be told trough this FPS? Of course, but not the "Call of Duty" type of narrative, we don't get random cutscenes after a battle, the story is told by the enviroment, it's there, we just have to search for it. We can "feel" the real drama, the trauma, caused by the end of humanity. People suffer, we can see their despair trough the notes they left behind. While playing this game, characters don't feel like "Hey, zombies, let's kill 'em all!", but rather "Why is this happening?! I don't want to die...please...". The game tries to make us feel the true effect this catastrophy would have on us, succeding, at least on players who can actually see the dread, the pain, the suffering, of those who didn't die.
There is, I must admit, a niche for games that are harder than hard. A game which is not gentle, that does not have a learning cure so much as a learning cliff. A game which shows nothing but brutality to it's players. This game is a labour of love, with many, many hours obviously put into it to make as best a game as the developers could. They knew what they were going for, a semi-realistic zombie apocalypse that shows no mercy and they went for it.

Of course, this introduces problems.

Let's start with the learning curve. As mentioned before, this game has not so much a learning curve as a learning cliff, so you might expect a short moment on how to explain game mechanics, or at least, hints and tips while the game loads for you? Reasonable to expect, isn't it? Well, no. You don't get that at all. There is no kindness, no compassion, no one or nothing to give you a holding hand; this game chucks you in the deep end, then expects you to know breast stroke. Now other games have done this, Dark Souls being the most infamous, but Dark Souls took a moment to explain what was going on. It told you how to raise your shield, explained how to equip, and how to use the bonfies. No such luck here. You're in a bulding that is secure, and the moment you walk out that door, zombies. Lots and lots of zombies.

Now having one or two zombies at first to get used to them, to know how to deal with them, again, would be standard fare. Nothing wrong with being exposed to a new enemy type slowly, to let you understand and get used to. Not so with this game, oh no. Try a few dozen. And you don't know what to do beyond kill. You might have a few weapons, but they float through the air, seemingly not connecting to anything, which means that you have to spend a few swings getting used to weapons. And in a game this lethal and unforgiving, those few practice swings will cost you dearly. And you will die.

Now one mechaninc that you might know is that being grabbed can only be resolved by pushing (which is V by default). What you may not know is that zombies can grab through wire fences and windows (wether or not this is a bug is something else entirely) and if that happens, you are beyond all hope. Another thing that you might guess that being grabbed and then bitten is bad, and it is, but being bitten is not well shown. Beyond the zombie jerking a bit, you may not even know you've been bitten until you begin to show the signs. And if you are bitten, death is inevitable. You have two minutes. Spend them well by either finding pills to buy you more time (no cure here), jump off a ledge, or simply beg someone to kill you.

Now the inventory may take some getting used to. You have two inventory wheels, one for ammo, one for weapons. The bigger, bulkier, and heavier something is, the more space it takes, and you don't have many pockets. So of course you need to manage inventory space, which is perfectly fine, this is a horror survival game after all. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I applaud it. I don't want to be carrying two rifles, three pistols, and a big ass sledge hammer. I'm not a goddamn space marine here, and this isn't the game for them. Ammo is counted in weight and mass as well, which makes sense.

And, of course, the zombies. Oh, the Zombies. These are standard Romero-Zombies. Undead who feel no pain, fear, or emotion and operate entirely on instinct. Woth noting, hwoever, that the eyesight of a zombie is perfect. I'm not kidding;  they have perfect, near 360 degree awareness of everything that not even you or I should be able to see. Two stories directly overhead? They can see you. Small dot on the horizon in a darkened room? They know you're there. Pitch blackness? Sure as fuck they know you're there. 

And while this does make for a fun and entertaining horror game, there is one more flaw. Multiplayer. Now, I know what you're saying: But Left 4 Dead and Payday did it perfectly! How can this be possible!? Well here's why. For starters, Valve knew that players can't communicate well with strangers on the other side of the world. They knew that coordination was next to impossible. They knew that players naturally deviate from each other at all times. So how did they solve this? Simple. You always knew, at a glance, how your fellow players were doing, and where they were. They had glowing outlines that showed at any distance, and maps were linear to prevent fanning out by players. Maps in valves games were funnels, and even Overkill understood this by making the map around easy to navigate and open buldings made as simplistic as possible.

Multiplayer is a mess. Players do not communicate well with others over large distances. Most players don't even have microphones, so that idea with walkie talkies where players far away can't talk without them? A waste of time since text speech does not work with walkie talkies, so you must be right next to them to work. Maps are cramped, narrow things that while linear, often curve in on themselves and encourage exporation. Again, not a problem, except that players naturally do not drift together, they drift apart because they have no sense of surroundings at the best of times and are given no way to drift back together.

This game strikes me as a single player game trying to do the work of multiplayer. It just can't work. It doesn't work. Bad bugs (or bad mechanics, that's unclear), an extreme difficulty curve beyond any sane resembelance and poor combat mechanics and jerky, overwhelming numbers of undead at all times mean that players will only have an experience of death, more death, and of course death, all without any real progression. This game isn't just hard, it's near unplayable through it's obscene diffculty spikes and poorly designed multiplayer maps.

This is not to say that it's bad, heck, I had loads of fun playing it, but it is very much a niche game. If you don't want to play this sort of game, skip it over, but I reccomend playing this game just for the experience.
When a game mod takes about seven years to be made into a stand-alone game and have an official release on Steam, you know it's worth playing. No More Room in Hell is that mod. Starting out as a stand-alone mod for the Source engine, No More Room in Hell is a zombie outbreak simulator that is unlike any other that has ever been made. The game features a unique atmosphere, AI, weapons, and maps that can keep people satisfied during their play. Even though it may not be as exciting as other zombie games, such as Dead Rising, the game centers more around fear and survival more than just fun antics. Now, the big question is, is No More Room in Hell worth my hard drive space? If you are a die hard fan of zombies, and want to have a more realistic approach at it, I'd definetly reccommend it.

The Verdict: I give No More Room in Hell a 9.5/10 for it's deep approach at survival and realism
Zephyr, survival.

I join a server just in time for the mad dash for items of value at the start, managing to pick myself up an SA Vz.58 assault rifle with twenty rounds of ammunition.

I look around me, see others with better weapons, and others that could only grab a pipe or knife, consider myself lucky.

"Hey man, can I have that ak?" I turn around, jason bateman points a 22 pistol at my head. His name-tag reads 'darkman'.

"No, you got a gun already." 

"nah man it's a 22- it's shit."

"You can't have the ak."

"Fuck you."

Necessary dialogue is exchanged in the starting area, people form alliances, grudges, allies and enemies. I find myself pairing up with a guy called 'shitler', who picked up a sledgehammer and a few medical items.

We then head down the lower extremeties of the building, going by a staircase until we finally reach the first door. Moans can be heard on the other side, along with the unmistakable slapping of feet on the ground.

"Hey heshy, you go first, you got the ak." someone says.

I oblige, pushing open the door and entering partly.

It's a medium sized car park area, cars srewn about, left like ghosts of some ancient civilisation, and plenty of zombies too, slower ones, walking around aimlessly, and perhaps three runners at the back.

I focus my attention on the immediate danger, centre the iron sights and take aim on the closest runner, about four metres away, making a beeline straight for me.

I stay trained on it's head, waiting for the right moment, ready to pull the trigger before I hear the door behind me creak shut.

"Shoulda given the ak." It's darkman, decided to trap me in here in hopes of satisfying some mis-guided want for revenge.

I pull the trigger, or rather hit mouse1, but the sound of the door put me out of focus and jutted my aim off to the left.

The bullet whizzes through the air, and chunks of rock and dust particles fly out from the wall behind the runner.

Too late.

The runner is upon me now, and my only reaction is to frantically hit 'v' as fast as I can. I push him away with the side of my rifle, stumbling it.

This gives me enough time to point my gun in its general direction, wildly firing into the oncoming swarm of zombies.

I waste about twelve rounds before two runners and a walker goes down.

Eight rounds left. Conservation top priority.

I take the time to glance at chat. It's wild. People are arguing. Words whizz by like matrix graphics, and I'm just glad no-one's using voice com.

At this, I hold 'shift' and book it to the corner of the room; there's a keypad and a locked wire-mesh door that leads into a small office.

someone says "6064" In chat.

I punch it in, no response. turn around, gun aimed, fire three more shots. This time more accurate, on point. manage four kills. The door I came out from is frantically juttering open and shut, whilst people battle to open it or close it.

"7175" Someone else says.

I punch it in, key pad flashed green and the door opens.

Inside, a shelf filled with boxes, a computer desk with a handgun resting on it.

I pick it up. 45 cal.

there's also a button in the corner- I press it, shutters are lowered and the street outside is now available to us.

10/10 would be a reluctant hero again.
Player Bases.
☐ Kids.
☑ Everyone.
☐ Mature.
☐ Casual Players.
☐ Pro players.

Graphics.
☐ Potato.
☐ Really Bad.
☐ Bad.
☐ OK.
☑ Good.
☐ Beautiful.
☐ Masterpiece.

Price.
☐ Full Price.
☐ Wait For Sale.
☐ Refund It If You Can.
☐ Don't Buy It.
☑ Free.

Requirements.
☑ Minimum.
☐ Medium.
☐ Fast.
☐ High End.
☐ Super Computer.

Difficulty.
☐ Easy.
☐ Medium.
☑ Hard.
☐ Very Hard.
☐ Death March.
☐ Dark Souls.

Game length.
☐ Really Short. ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short. ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Medium. ( 8 - 16 hours)
☐ Long. ( 16+ hours)
☑ Endless.

Story.
☐ It Doesn't Have One.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Ok.
☑ Average.
☐ Good.
☐ Fantastic.

Cinematic/Art.
☐ It Doesn't Have.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Ok.
☑ Average.
☐ Good.
☐ Like Watching A Movie.

Music/Sound.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Decent.
☐ Average.
☑ Good.
☐ Amazing.

Gameplay.
☐ Terrible. 
☐ Ok.
☐ Average.
☑ Good.
☐ Fantastic.

Bugs.
☐ Game Itself Is One Big BUG.
☐ Game Breaking Bugs.
☐ Lots of bugs.
☑ Few Bugs.
☐ Nothing.

Others.
Multiplayer: ☑
Singleplayer: ☐

Final Score:
8/10

Highly Recommended!
Free, hardcore zombie game on source engine. Still gets updates. Lots of tension in gameplay, overall very enjoyable, hard but fair kinda game here. Teamwork is the key and you'll fail without it unless you're really that good to just solo maps. You can kill children and commit suicide, the devs have a great stance when it comes to censorship. 

A downside of a popular free game is that ocasionally you play with worst scum of the gaming community. And its hard to find anything not taken on a public not locked server. Hoarders are in every game.
This is not evryday zombie FPS game. This is horror realistic surviving zombie apocalypse game, where you don't have lot of ammo, where you relay on your teammates and mele combat. Recomended to play with frends and hard to learn, but once you learn basics you are good to go
No More Room in Hell is a zombie survival game. There are 2 modes, one called Survival and one called Objective. Survival is where you (and your teammates) have to hold down an area or multiple areas from waves of zombies until the extraction comes. If your area(s) go down to 0% HP, then you will not be able to be extracted and therefore, will have to restart. The other mode, called Objective, is where you (and your teammates) will have to do certain objectives leading to extraction. The objectives range from blowing up something to placing certain objects somewhere. There are 2 difficulties as well, one called Classic, and one called Casual.
    
Classic is where you spawn with nothing, and you don't spawn at all when you die unless a major objective is completed or a wave is completed. Casual is where you will always spawn with a melee weapon, and you have respawn tokens. You have 3 when you join/start, but every 10 zombie kills will earn you a token. Each token will allow you to spawn in 5 seconds near a player when you die. 
     
There are 3 zombie types in the game. The most common is slow, walking zombies. These guys just walk very slowly and attack if you get close. Be careful though, because these are common they can swarm you if your not careful. Less common is running zombies, which don't appear too often in the game. These guys run towards you very fast and sometimes require good timing to take down. The last is child zombies, which are basically childs that are zombies. These little guys are slower then runners, but faster then slow zombies. They will attack you, and it will not do that much damage but they can attack fast and can be a pain. They have a lower hitbox therefore requires you to aim a bit down to hit them. They have less health too and will usually die by one or two hits by a melee or gun to the head.

The game, overall, is really fun, especially with friends to play it with. The game, at first, may seem really hard to play, as guns and ammo are scarce, and melee you have the risk of getting hurt while striking. However, as you get more used to it, the game will turn out to be much easier. It is good to read the players survival guide for the game by clicking where it is located at the right where it says "Players Survival Guide" when you play the game at first, or if you need to be reminded about something. 

There is a good range of guns and melee weapons you can find, and even get achievements for getting certain amount of kills with them. The game's engine is the Source Engine, which means that the game might be similar to Valve games such as TF2 and CS, such as the Developer Console. There is a few glitches in the game which may seem to make the game easier or slightly break the game, however it doesn't seem like a major thing. Most games have glitches sometimes, so it's fine. The developers of the game are constantly working on adding new content and fixing glitches. The developers also interact with the community in forums, and such as get players' opinions on certain things, which is nice. It's also free to play!

(TL;DR Really fun realistic zombie survival game that has multiple modes and zombie types that requires teamwork and coordination.)

Overall, I rate this game 10/10. Keep up the great work developers! :D
This is such a good game, with great gameplay! You won't survive without teamwork, well you'd need a decent team at least, and sometimes you'll be the last one alive or you'll be making a sacrifice for your fellow comrades.

My advice for this game:
Stay away from nine year old mic spammers
Don't be a hero
Stick together at all costs
Learn that if you get bit that you still can hold some zombies back
Don't hog all the decent weapons and ammunition...
Be careful where you fire your SMG or throw your grenade
And don't bloody kill your team-mates.
This game is a good slow paced tactical co op zombie game
Ammo is a luxury, and a good gun is as well.
This game shows an apocalypse like it is- not only is mommy and daddy a zombie, but little Tim and Gabby are as well, so it has this creepy element to it with the children zombies. Oh and it's actually free and there are 0 microtransactions, and the devs should keep it that way.
Overall good game
10?8 itz grate m8
At first this game will frustrate you, it seems virtually impossible to kill more than 10 zombies without dying yourself, and you find yourself walking around with empty guns. But after a while you learn the range of different weapons and you might actually complete an objective map! Tip: start with Toxtet, that is the easiest level to complete. 

You can also play survival maps, which is the standard "kill all zombies in a wave" affair. I think the easiest level to start survival is "Night of the living dead".

Objective maps are best played with a few friends because cooperation is key in this game. Another golden tip is to kill as few zombies as possible, run run run and shove shove shove! It is possible to reach the extraction point without even kill one zombie in this game mode (and an achievement: pacifist).

Overall a nice game with a steep learning curve.
>Starts the game
>Our mission is to defend a house
>Finds a sniper rifle
>Owns zombies like a pro
>Gets infected by a runner
>Presses K to ready up to suicide
>Slowly puts the barrel under his chin :(
>Pulls the trigger without hesitation to save others
>Achievement:Social Responsibility

(11/10) Would suicide again to save my comrades.
This is a free zombie game that runs better than other games in the genre and gets better dev support too. I've played this game since it came out and I have to say I'm really impressed with it. Yes there are some bugs but they're rarely game breaking and usually not too much of a problem. The weapons are fun to use and actually require a decent amount of skill (what with the lack of crosshairs, limited amount of ammo, and wide variety of melee weapons). The zombies work well too, crawlers, walkers, runners, and kids all provide a bit of variety and can spice up the game/scare the hell out of you. All in all it's a very enjoyable game and I hope the developers continue to work on it and the community continues to support it. 

TIPS:    
1. Use your sights.
2. If you melee, PUSH the zombies away after every swing. 
3. Communicate, even without a mic it's really useful.
4. Don't waste ammo. (Especially on the first few rounds of a survival map)
5. Don't hoard ammo you aren't using, chances are someone else needs it.
6. Don't attack the same zombie at once. It wastes ammo or it clusters people up so they miss their swings. 
7. Use the flare gun to call in supplies (Survival).
8. Conserve your energy, if you're out of breath, back away for a few seconds.
9. If you're infected call it out. If there are no pills at all, shoot yourself.
10. Have fun and send the zombies back to hell!
When I originally tried out this game, I had no idea it would become one of my all time favorite games ever. 
When you first start playing, you join an online lobby or make a lobby with friends on a map you're not familiar with. Nothing makes sense and everything is confusing. The default controls aren't incredibly intuitive, melee feels like it's worthless, you run out of stamina as with as little as two or three swings for some weapons, and although the guns feel great, good luck finding a decent amount of ammo (especially if you're playing online). But if you just have a bit a patience, remap some of the controls and understand that this isn't meant to be a fast-paced guns blazing action game, you might find yourself enjoying the game a little. Or a lot. 

Someone, maybe one of the curators, I can't remember, said this game is similar to Resident Evil 2 only in first person, and I just love that comparison. I mentioned earlier that generally you might have a hard time finding a decent amount of ammo. If you're playing online with strangers, this pretty much always applies, however if you're playing with some friends, it's very possible you could get a nice stockpile of ammo going, especially if you're playing a survival map. In objective maps, however, ammo is very scarce for the most part. Occasionally, you might be blessed with more ammo than other runs, but the thing that makes this game always interesting and stressful (in a good way!) is that it's not usually very efficient trying to take on a horde of zombies, even with all the ammo you have. You're standing there, unleashing all of your might, but the longer you stand in one place, the more zombies start to come your way. It becomes too much, so your best chance is to try and run through and dodge as many zombies as you can, saving any ammo for when you really need it. It's really satisfying making it through the small openings you're given in a horde and potentially saving tons of ammo.

I also mentioned above that guns feel good, which is very true. Guns are a lot of fun to use in this game, and popping heads with bullets into a bloody burst feels as good as Resident Evil 4. They even made the piece of shit Ruger gun sounds way more satisfying in the last update they did, so even though the guns are still a piece of crap, at least they feel nice to use.

One thing that I love about this game is the difficulty. It's not easy. My friends and I have beaten every single official map, with one map in particular taking what seemed like weeks to get through (FEMA) and others taking days of attempts (Junction, Zephyr, and... Most of the survival maps, actually). This might seem like a weird comparison, but this game almost has that old "NES Hard" feel to it, because even though a lot of the times your plans are  foiled by zombies growing elastic arms and somehow hitting you after you shoved them away and blasted them point blank in the face with a fucking shotgun come ON HOW DOES THAT NOT KILL YOU, there's still an incredibly rewarding feeling from beating a map that kicked your ass tons of times. Oh, but uh, get some friends if you can, at least one, because I don't think most maps can be beaten solo. Also adding to the NES hard feel of the game is that most survival maps can actually be beaten in 10-20 minutes once you know what to do. They're fun to replay through too, because every single weapon in this game has an achievement, so if you're not playing with greedy scumbag strangers online, you and your friend(s) can decide over which weapons to use, changing how the run will go, even if slightly. Also adding to the replayability factor is that a lot of the item locations on maps are randomized. Some might dislike that sometimes you can get a fully loaded FN Fal on a table and other times a fucking flashlight, but in most cases, it's just different kinds of ammo, so it's nice to have some variety for the many times you will have to try to complete certain maps.

Speaking of maps, there are a lot of custom maps for this game too, which is awesome, because sometimes you just want something different. Truth be told, a lot of the custom maps I've played, survival ones especially, are easier than official maps, so if you're new to the game and having difficulties, it might be wise to try out some of the more lenient custom maps there are. I personally recommend a map called Museum, as it has a LOT of supplies to start you out with, and I really do mean a lot, and there are supply drops every few rounds as well. Plus the map looks good.

...And if you REALLY want to have a good time, download a map called "Mansion." You'll know you have one I'm talking about if the spawn point is always around a poker table on the second floor. Here's what you want to do, open the console command with the ~ button and bind the kill command to a key, preferrably one that's away from most of your other commmonly used keys so you don't acidentally kill yourself. Anyway, jump off the balcony towards the small railing and kill yourself in midair and watch your ragdoll smack against the railing and spaz out while it does flips and twirls as it flies off. Pure comedy gold, I promise you. Even better if you have a buddy to watch/join the fun.

Aside from that, do what you want! This game has a lot to offer, and it's FREE! This game made me buy Contagion, a $20 game also about zombies and survival. It's a piece of shit, at least compared to this completely free game. A darn shame, but now you have $20 bucks that you didn't spend on shit, you could buy TWO copies of the soundtrack for this game if you wanted. 

A couple things to mention if you're still reading and are interested in the game:
"Mastering" melee combat is essential. First off, everytime you swing, SHOVE IMMEDIATELY AFTER. This will almost always hit the enemy and push them back, stopping them from attacking you, because you see, melee hits don't always stagger zombies, so you could swing a giant fubar at a zombie, crack its skull, and it's still swinging at you. Don't let that shit fly. Shove, shove, and shove again. Also, melee attacks can be charged by holding down the attack button. If you charge a melee attack for a full 3 seconds or longer and aim for the head, it will almost always kill any enemy with  the exception of armored zombies. This works with nearly every weapon, even the wrench, but not your fists.

And finally, some good maps to start playing are 
Objective:
Lakeside (Easiest objective map by far. It's short and pretty straightforward and gives you a decent amount of supplies.)
Chinatown (Not exactly easy, but a very fun map to play because overall it isn't very long and there's gun shop!)
Cabin (Also not extremely easy, but short.)

Survival:
Flooded (Supply drops after every second round and wide open ranges for melee attacking.)
Midwest (This map might seem hard at first, but if you search for the key to the locker in the gun shop, all of your problems are solved.)
Silence (Great atmosphere, lots of areas that you need to find keys and blowtorches to get into for more supplies.)
No More Room In Hell is a fantastic game. A fantastic mod even.

It's gritty and its got the right amount of realism without making it rage-inducing. Whilst it does have a deep learning curve, its is totally worth while.

There's no HUD. There's very limited ammo. And there are hundreds upon thousands of zombies, including zombie children that will bite the hell out of your ankles of you dont pay enough attention.

I recommend this definitely. You will die and you will die a lot but when you actually manage to survive at the end, it's extremely satisfying. It is hard, but it is a worthwhile experience. 

You have to not only think of yourself, but your team too. If theyre bleeding, give them your bandages. Or maybe they need the first aid kit? 

Or it could be worse. You could get bit and have a really bad case of infection. Watching as it begins to take over your body and your vision starts to blacken. What do you do? You found some pills to help but its only temporary. Maybe you take the experimental Gene therapy drug? With a 50/50 chance of working of course.

If you turn, it could mean the end of the other survivors too. 

Or maybe you should check your gun to see if there's a bullet left for not the zombies, but you?

The needs of many, outweigh the needs of one.

I'd recommend this to anyone, anyday.
No more room in hell takes a realistic approach to a zombie survival game. Survival; You work together with your teammates to survive until rescue comes. Objective; Work together to get out of the area.

Unlike Killing Floor or Left 4 Dead where you get guns with so much ammo, this game requires you to search the area to find the weapons you need. No unlimited ammo, everything matters. You're hanging by a thread, use up the ammo and you won't get through.

This game basically needs patience, but rewards you with the achievements and gets you good friends.

8.5/10 Will recommend.
Great game!

- A huge variety of guns and melee weapons
- Not too much griefers
- Optimizable (configs boots performance by a 20 - 60% margin!)
- Teammates will help each other in surviving and in carrying supplies that will help the team
- NO in app purchases, micro transactions, NOTHING that will gain in edge, only skill and teamwork will help you win
- It's FREE!
No more Room in Hell is unlike any other zombie game. This one focuses on Survival and Teamwork. Without it you won't make it. The weapons are nice,and i liked the creepy music. For people who hated it because of the zombie-children then all i can say is:it's not gonna be a real zombie game without Them,because they are humans like us. They can get sick,and they can die. And let's consider that the zombie outbreak was real,are you certain that you won't find kids roaming the streets? So yeah the game is much more immersive with kids. Big thanks to the devs for creating this!
>join server
>find trusty SKS like i own
>hell yeah
>start shooting zombies 
>realize i can use the bayonet
>start only impaling zombies 
>even better than shooting them
>teammates realize this, all get an SKS
>we form a line like a musket-era infantry formation
>a solid line of survivors advancing with fixed bayonets
10/10 would use napoleonic tactics against zombies again
>Be me.
>Playing with randos.
>they are pretty nice, and share supplies.
>going through a subway.
>I am designated light guy, shining my flashlight down the corridor.
>trying not to get hit by their ax's.
>they noticed some supplies ina room some way back, and I have to make sure nothing gets through.
>Kill about 3 zombies, feelsgood.jpg
>One gets close to me, bites me.
>I get infected but I kill it.
>they return "Everything good?" "yea, all good."
>2 minutes later, none of them have pills of those syringe things.
>"Hey, can I get a gun?"
>I get an M9, 5 shots in it. "Best I have mate." Says one of the group members.
>I put the gun to my head. "In sorry guys. Goodbye."
>They all turn around and see me kill myself.
>The finish the map.



10/10 would kill self again.
No More Room in Hell, at its simplest, is a brutal, "Romero-On-Steroids" take on the zombie apocalypse sub-genre. Intent on creating as realistic (or, in the words of the developer, "Romero-style") an experience as possible, nearly everything is accounted for in this game, outside of the usual "stamina" and "limited HUD" features. Each individual item has its own weight, and is allocated to an inventory wheel, which the player can access at any time. A shotgun, for example, will weigh more than a machete (and consequently, take up more space than that machete on the wheel). Even your total ammount of ammunition is accounted for, and thusly limits your inventory space. Don't take this to be an inhibiting feature, though. If anything, this system adds to the terrifying immersion of the game. Certain items that are normally a "given", such as the flashlight, must be picked up manually to be used at all (but can be accessed quicker than other items by the usual 'F' key once it's picked up). The zombies themselves, as they always have in Romero's movies, are generally slow, and do not pose any threat if they're alone. As you progress through the waves, however, this "lone target" situation becomes decreasingly common, and replaced with crowds of zombies, often numbered in the tens to even twenties. Unlike other horror (or even generalized co-op) games that permit cooperation but do not enforce it, No More Room in Hell sternly (but not forcefully) nudges players into a peacefully-woven experience, complete with suppressing and covering fire, shared supplies, and coordinated strategy.

tl;dr - No More Room in Hell is one of the best zombie games you'll find this decade. Play it.
Also zu allererst muss ich sagen, eins der besten free to play games meiner meinung nach, die grafik lässt zwar an manchen stellen zu wünschen übrig, aber wer die Source Engine kennt den wird das nicht wirklich stören, alles in allem ein wirklich spaßiger Coop-Zombie-Metzelspaß :D


EDIT 31.08.14 : ( German & English Review )
----------------------------------------------------------------------

[DEUTSCH]

No More Room in Hell ist ein Free-to-Play Zombie Survival Coop Game, welches zuerst eine Half Life 2 Modifikation war ( und somit die Source Engine verwendet ) und schließlich als eigenständiges Game an Halloween 2011 veröffentlicht wurde.

Wenn du dieses Review hier liest, wirst du dich vermutlich fragen, sollte ich dieses Spiel mal ausprobieren und wird es sich lohnen es zu downloaden? Nun, wenn ihr Zombie Survival Games der alten Schule mögt, wo ihr Massen von langsamen Horden an Zombies gegenübertretet und nur mit ein wenig Munition in eurer Waffe diese verrotteten Fleischbeutel zurück zur Hölle schicken wollt, dann ist dieses Spiel für EUCH!

Pro:
----------
+ FREE-TO-PLAY ( kein In-Game Shop )
+ haufenweise geplante Inhalte
+ ständig Updates und neue Inhalte
+ Abwechslung in den Missionen, Survival & Objective
+ Vielfalt an Waffen, Werkzeugen, Maps, Zombies usw.
+ schon etwa 60 Stunden gespielt und kann mich nur an 1 Bug erinnern
+ beinahe 100 Errungenschaften
+ hohe Anzahl an freundlichen Spielern
+ Source Engine ( meiner Meinung nach immer gut ;) )
+ wirklich gutes Mapdesign, guter Sound und gute Atmosphäre
+ Splatter - Effekte

Contra:
-------------
- so gut wie keine Chance eine Map alleine zu schaffen
- manche Bereiche sind wirklich dunkel ( benutz eine Taschenlampe oder ein Feuerzeug )
- du brauchst etwas Zeit bis du weißt wie alles funktioniert

Fazit:
-----------
Ich habe so gut wie jede einzelne Minute von No More Room in Hell genossen und kann es euch nur empfehlen wenn ihr Zombie Spiele jeglicher Art mögt. Ihr werdet ein komplettes Game für UMSONST bekommen. Außerdem wirst du bemerken, dass die Entwickler sehr viel Liebe für euch in ihr Meisterwerk legen ohne irgendwelche kommerziellen Zwecke dahinter zu haben, was man ziemlich selten so sieht.


Vielen Dank für eure Aufmerksamkeit!


Tipp: Zielt auf den Kopf ;)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ENGLISH] -> Gave my best to translate, sorry for any mistakes ;P

No More Room in Hell is a Free-to-Play Online Zombie Survival Coop Game, which was first a Half Life 2 Modification ( thus using its Source Engine ) and was published as a Standalone on Halloween 2011.

When you read this Review you will ask yourself, should I try this Game out and is it worth downloading it ? Well, if you like Old-School Zombie Survival Games where you have to face tons of slowly walking crowds of Zombies, having only a bit of ammo in your weapon to beat these rotten meat bags back to hell, this Game is for YOU! 

Pro:
---------
+ FREE TO PLAY ( no In-Game Shop )
+ lots of planned features
+ constantly updated and new content
+ variety in Missions, Survival and Objective Missions
+ diversity of Weapons, Tools, Maps, Zombies etc.
+ played about 60 hours and can remember 1 Bug
+ almost 100 Achievements
+ wide friendly Playerbase
+ Source Engine ( in my opinion always good ;) )
+ really good Map Design, Sound and Atmosphere
+ Splatter - Effects

Contra:
-------------
- nearly no chance to beat a Map alone
- some Areas are really dark ( use a flashlight or lighter )
- you need some time to know how all works

Conclusion:
--------------------
I enjoyed almost every single minute of playing No More Room in Hell and can strongly recommend it to you if you like Zombie Games of any kind. You will get a full Game for FREE. Also you can see the developers put a lot of love in their masterpiece for you without any commercial purposes behind, which is really rare to see.


Thanks for your attention!


Tip: Aim for the head ;)
[h1] No More Room In Hell Review [/h1]

Game Grade: A-

Shorthand Review:  Fight against an army of the undead as you battle to be extracted.  Teamwork is key in any hope for survival.  Yet again, selfishness is another alternative.

Detailed Review:

The wait is finally over for anyone who has been searching for a free zombie fps game!  This game has just about every aspect of a normal zombie inspired game, but is free (unlike most).  Even though its free, the graphics don't suffer.  Also, there are different game modes you can play which allows for great replay value.  A downside to the game involves the community which will be addressed later on.  This game sure makes up for the install time.

As many of us know, free games can be... kind of... crappy.  From the graphics to the rough game play, free to play games can make you cringe.  This one, however, is not like those awful let downs.  No More Room In Hell offers average graphics and smooth game play for free.  You cannot say that about a lot of games now, even games that cost an arm and a leg.  If you are familiar to Garry's Mod, then those are the graphics you can expect (many props can be found in GMod).  As long as your internet is half decent, this game will run smoothly.  This is coming from me with 150 KB/s internet speed.  Loading is quick and downloads take a few minutes.

There is a surprising amount of replay value in this game.  Normally, free to play games don't offer a lot of playtime.  With No More Room In Hell, there are many game modes involved.  You can either survive several hordes of zombies or battle to be extracted by the military.  Another bonus to this game is the amount of achievements it has.  For anyone who is like me and loves getting achievements, this game is great for you.  You can get almost 100 achievements which will have you coming back to get more.  You can expect to find yourself playing countless hours on this game.

The only downside I see in this game is the player base.  By this I mean the people playing the game (obviously).  These people that you are playing with are supposed to be there to help you fight off the brain dead flesh eaters.  Instead, you can find yourself screaming your head off as your teammate becomes one of those brain dead morons.  This is not very common, but should be expected.  This game is best played with friends, as many zombie games are.  However, you really should expect those “trolls” in all games.  Do not feed the trolls and move on.  Chances are they will just crawl back under the bridges from which they came.

All things considered, this game is really fun.  It is a real time killer that you will actually enjoy.  For anyone out there will poor internet or a bad computer, you can more than likely play this game with ease.  I hope this review helped you get an idea of the game.  It is a lot to read for a free game but at least you won't need to worry about wasted download time.
[h1]My favorite zombie game on steam, closest to realistic compared to other zombie games and a very enjoyable co-op game[/h1]

Pros:

+ Free
+ Tons of reply value
+ Up to 8 player co-op
+ Several Fun game modes
+ Combat is great and works well
+ Maps are well done and thought out
+ Has Achievements and trading cards
+ Wide range of weapons, each with different stats
+ Most realistic Zombie game on steam I've played
+ Infection and bleeding mechanics add more challenge
+ Great custom made content such as walking dead maps
+ Several character models to choose from, each with their own voices
+ Several types of zombies, children, walkers, runners armored and crawlers
+ Custom servers (Pro and con) Some are good with new maps and gamemodes and a lot are bad such as the infinite ammo ones

Cons:

- Infinite ammo servers, tons of these servers and it take away any challenge to the game
- Playerbase, most have no idea what they are doing and will get you killed, or you may meet some trolls
- Bumping, a mechanic in the game that makes you push people slighly when bumping into them, this results in unwanted bleeding, infection, loss of health or death
- Infection chances, it is random but apparently the higher your health is the less chance you have of getting infected, regardless it is annoying getting hurt once and being infected. 

Download Size: 8700mb
Trading Cards: 8 cards in the set
Achievement Difficulty: Hard to 100%
Hours to 100%: If using certain servers you can get all achievements around 100 hours

Rating: 9.5/10
Recommendation: Must play

My Opinion:

This game is in my opinion is the best zombie game on steam and comes closest to being realistic than any other zombie game. It does what other zombie games doesn't and with no price tag.  I absolutely love the game, have got tons of enjoyment out of it and still continue to do so. I highly recommend giving it a try, it is free and you may have a blast like I do with this amazing game.
No More Room In Hell is one of the most realistic zombie outbreak games I have ever played. The scarcity of ammo and guns make it realistic as there wouldn't be guns scattered across every room you enter. The infection mechanic is very well made, in that if you get bitten, you will slowly infect. You have 3 choices when you get infected: Take pills to slow down the infection process, let yourself turn, or as a last resort, you can kill yourself with a gun. You actually get an achievement for killing yourself while infected, so....cool? In my opinion, No More Room In Hell is a game that doesn't deserve to be free and it doesn't even feel like a HL2 mod. Well done, devs.
*Joins random sever
*Finds weapons
*Kid screams in mic saying this game is scary
*Gets attack by zombie
*Bleeding
*Ask kid for bandage 
*Kid types in chat how bad I am at this game
*Leaves me to bleed out
*Dies
*Dead body turns into zombie
*Attacks and rapes kid
*Kid leaves server
*Would watch my zombie self kill again
To be honest, not much should need to be said about why you should get this game. It's free! It has zombies! Those alone should be reason enough to TRY it. As for keeping it, well, that depends on your taste, but the quality of the game can't be disputed. I, personally, prefer games like this, which offer a more realistic approach to a much bloated genre of games that put far too much emphasis on wish fulfillment and not enough on making the things you do actually feel meaningful. Why do I want to be able to effortlessly cut down hordes of normal zombies and have only a few special ones pose any sort of threat to me? To me, that's not fun. THIS, however, is. EVERY zombie in a horde should be a threat; that's what makes hordes scary. Each one of them can potentially kill you, so fighting a horde is a long, slow, careful thing that has to be done, all while watching your back for other zombies approaching from another direction. Because of this, the game pretty much forces you to play smart, which means doing everything you can to avoid being tied down by a horde and having to fight that fight.

Melee could use a bit of tweaking, as the smaller the weapon, the more useless it tends to be. Yes, you CAN kill zombies with your flashlight, but let's be honest: if you're having to rely on that, you're pretty much dead already.

The guns are pretty much as good as you can expect from a game like this, which is to say...pretty damned good. They funtion realistically (relatively; don't expect ARMA level stuff, here), even down to being able to unload them to keep their ammunition (when you drop a weapon without doing that, any ammo in it is going to remain in the gun), which can be used for different guns. True to life, ammo is not universally interchangeable. The ammo for an AR-15 (5.56x45) is different from that of the CZ-58 (7.62x39), which is also different from that of the Sako-85 (.308(7.62x51), etc. Each gun has a set caliber that it can use, and nothing else will work in it. This is a good thing. It makes ammo scarcity a real issue to deal with. Just finding ammo (which is already fairly uncommon), doesn't guarantee that you'll find ammo for that 92fs you picked up at the Spawn Point, and if you do, you don't know how much you'll get. A full box? Half a mag? Two rounds? Who knows? This game is full of the pressures of making snap-decisions based on unknown variables and trying to make them work with what you can find.

Beyond that the only thing I can say is that it's infuriating to have people take it upon themselves to put you down whether you're infected or not, but that's a community issue. I get the idea behind having the mechanic, but in practice it's rage inducing. Nobody wants to be the guy who gets team-killed because some asshat in the game thinks he's Rick Grimes and that it's up to him to determine if you're infected or not, thus meaning that your gameplay can be routinely interrupted by people who fly by the seat of their virtual pants, prioritizing their fantasy of being in charge over your enjoyment of your own damn game. This can (for me, at least), lead to you intentionally trying to find a server that is empty so that you can just do shit without being constantly fucked over by other people, but that comes with its own problems, not the least of which is that it's pretty much always going to be a losing battle to try these maps on your own.

Overall, I recommend this game -highly, even- but with a caveat: You will find assholes who ruin match after match; it's inevitable, and just lack of teamwork like you can find in most games is also going to make things less than fun at times. Weapons aren't created equal, and each and every one wants to be used a different way. You have to adapt your playstyle around the ones you find enjoyable to use, or what you can get your hands on, and learn to use them well.
Also, map your keys. Holy shit you die a lot from not hitting 'shove' because it's weirldy keyed.
This game honestly surprised me. I, myself am not a free to play type of person, in fact I think most, 90% of free-to-plays are absolute shit designed to try and suck money out of me. Not this one, this is up there in some of my favorite f2p games, and yes, I'll admit, this game isn't without it's flaws but it's one game that has semi changed my opinion on Free-to-Play.

Let me start with the good, for a Source Game, an engine of 10+ years, this game looks great, apart from zombies looking like they came out of a low budget B-movie horror flick and the no texture bug which appears on the eyes of some characters (I laugh this one away and think of it as an intended bug for immersion) it's pretty good. In some of the settings, they've hidden away a few graphics options that are experimental such as Lens Flare but is worth enabling. NMRiH really immerses you into the thought that you are a survivor and must get through this with it's graphics, the vanilla maps have been designed very well for immersion in mind. The lighting creates this bleak atmosphere that not many other Survival Horror games create, Left 4 Dead (yes the lighting is still very good but not like NMRiH in any way), DayZ to name a few. It keeps to a certain design framework that really wants to keep you immersed and constantly on alert as every dark corner there may be undead lurking. It emphases the use of Flashlights which are possibly one of the best utilities seen in any game I've played. 

Away from the Atmosphere and the Graphics, the combat matches this very well. Ammo for guns is rare, something that really does fit a realistic scenario of such a thing happening and it requires you to make every shot count. Melee combat is interesting too as it has an invisible stamina meter, requiring you to time your swings and make every bit of your energy count. Weapons like Sledgehammers, FUBARs and Shovels drain it more but with the chance of one hit kills and possibly killing multiple zombies, other weapons, like Machetes, Hatchets, don't do as much damage but use little stamina, keeping you on in the fight. That moves me onto the next great thing about this game, the variety of weapons and how they each have a destined purpose. Pistols are great, they're all different and have their own specialties. The Beretta M9 is a 9mm Pistol and the ammo is rather common, it's a 2 hit kill and my favorite pistol due to the sights being better than that of the other 9mm, the Glock 17 which has a larger ammo capacity but worse sights, again in my opinion. Weapons are so varied with it's uses that they're all worth trying to match your game style. Would you like to pick up the M16 or would you rather take a more recyclable approach with a Compound Bow. 

Other mechanics in this game away from combat is the ability to become infected and must be warded off with Phlanx Pills (a reference to one of my all time favorite novels by Max Brookes - World War Z) or Gene Therapy, which completely cures you. You can barricade entrances with a claw hammer and some wooden planks, end your teammates (or yourself) to rid them of the burden that may encumber you later in game and more. You can even change your character and his voice. I'm not going to go much more in detail with the other mechanics, these are the best ones, so you'll have to encounter some of the other ones in game yourself. 

This section is dedicated to the AI and the Level Design. I'm not gonna lie, the AI really needs patching up, it's fucking retarded and needs some work. However it's predictable and unpredictable nature (yes the AI is both) keep you on constant alert. An infected teammate has gone down, where the hell could he be? Well he's glitched out running in circles around where you turned. That's one major issue with the game. Away from AI, the levels are really good. If you're playing slowly, they can sometimes take up to 30 minutes to complete and can be quite the blast if you're last man standing. The maps, each and every one of them are unique and require different objectives and many of them have different paths for different playthroughs. Not major though, but something to change up gameplay each time. 

All in all NMRiH is a great F2P game, a slightly cancerous community as I've encountered many annoying little kids in my mere 30 hours of gameplay but overall pretty damn good. 8/10.
The best free game available on Steam. It doesn't demand a lot considering the system requirements, so it will probably even run on a potato pc. In this game, teamwork is the most important element, especially if you are new and don't know how to handle the zombies or how to finish a map (e.g. where to find the objectives or the extraction zone). Compared to other zombie games, such as L4D/2 or Killing Floor, this one is more slow-paced, yet offers an highly realistic and tactical gameplay. The variety of maps allows the player to choose between an either short map, which can be completed within 5-10 minutes, or a longer one (survival maps in particular) to enjoy the waves of zombie slashing.
No More Room in Hell is without a doubt, a fun game. At the start you will keep dying and dying over and over again. But as you play longer, you grasp the basic mechanics of the game, such as to always shove after melee and to wait for focus when using the Beretta or the .22.

In the end, you come out like Rick Grimes. Everybody praises you for being the immortal badass. But a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. You need to be a good leader and tell people what to do, or they'll start falling like flies and in the end you'll be on your own. Without any help, you'll eventually become overrun and cornered as you beat their skulls in one by one to the ever respawning wave of zombies. 

Another thing is the concept of sacrifice. It is possible for one person to hold back the horde to protect the group, at the cost of their own life. There is no other game I know of that has such realism. Games become only as dramatic as this.

That's not to say NMRIH has no flaws. NMRIH in itself is a very good game, but like many others, it has a horrible community. 10 years screaming into the mic. Griefers who sabotage the game. This flaw is not to be blamed on the devs, for they have no control over who plays their game.

10/10 would recreate the Alexandria horde slaughter scene again.
Pros:
- Zombies, free, hard but still enjoyable, not very demanding hardware-wise.

Cons:
- A handful of achievements are next to impossible w/ less than 0.1% global success (0.0%);
- For such a huge community (at least back in the days), there's very little quality information available about maps, strategies, combat tactics, etc.
>Get bitten by walker in seventh wave.
>Group holed up in small position, decide to see if we find meds.
>No meds, break the news to the guy with the rifle.
>He gets out his flashlight and tries to beat me to death.
>ow.jpeg
>Decide, fuck that.
>Run away into the woods.
>Turn into super-infected and return to the house.
>Spectate as I kill entire group of five guys.
>tfw you could have just avoided this if you showed vanilla some mercy.
Free zombie coop source mod that's not for everyone, but it's free so no funds needed to try it out. This is more of a what to expect than a review.

[u]General features	[/u]
[list]
[*]Stamina meter (No visual tell for specific amount) used for swinging melee, running, jumping, shoving.
[*]Carry capacity, no hoarding everything you find, will affect movement speed and stamina if it exceeds certain points. 0-50% unburdened, 51-99% slightly burdened, 100% extreme burden
[*]Large selection of firearms, limited supply of ammunition.
[*]Extreme darkness, there is no method to increase overall brightness, this helps justify the existance of the flashlight item in pitch black areas.
[*]4 Zed types: walkers, runners (can be military modifying health value), crawlers, and children.
[*]Infection chance upon being bitten leading to inevitable slow demise via turning, can be delayed with pills which are common, cured with the tiny extremely scarce gene therapy. While infected you can suffer friendly fire, being killed from a head blow will prevent turning after death whether self inflicted suicide, or being put down by an ally.
[*]3 Difficulty options: Casual, Classic, and Nightmare. [b] Casual [/b] features less zed spawns and infinite respawns, so feel free to go ham. [b] Classic [/b] features limited respawns based on gamemode and map, zed spawn is normalized allowing for massive hoards in open areas, voice chat will become ranged based unless two players are equiped with the walkie talkie, dead players cannot communicate with living players (depends on server). [b] Nightmare [/b] features most everything from classic except zeds spawn in greater numbers, zeds all have doubled hp and increased damage, chance of infection is greatly increased from bites. Not for the faint of heart.
[*]Desynced zombie hitboxes during faster movement, general cases being runners, children and shoved zombies.

[u] Two modes of play: Wave Survival, and Objective [/u]
[list]
[*]Wave Survival plays as one might expect, survive through 10 waves of increasingly difficult waves of zed attacks. This mode tends to require more players due to the nature of defending specific areas from being occupied by zeds or else you lose. Every once in awhile a supply drop will come to help bolster weapon supplies, can be abused if the map has a flare gun allowing a supply to come every wave. Players will respawn every wave.

[*]Objective requires players to navigate specific routes in the map and complete objectives that'll eventually lead to the escape. This mode tends to be less enjoyable at first if no one knows what to do due to the vague descriptions and never learning the compass button. Routes are randomized from a few set pieces allowing for a slightly different experience each run. Staying alive is highly important due to spawns being less prominent so warning for those whom enjoy playing and not watching others (0-2 depending on the map).
[/list]
This is how I find out about this game:
I wanted to buy Left For Dead 2 but was going through budget issues, so I searched the internet about free-to-play games like Left For Dead and NMRIH was among the answers. 

When I first started playing it, I started to get bored of it because if you lack skill in survival horror games, you will die a lot in this game and wait for long to respawn only to die again. And frankly this was my first survival horror game. I started playing on casual servers. Then after developing my skills, I started playing on classic. 
Now, I got left for dead one and two for free because my brother have them and he shared his account with me. Surprisingly, the game that got me into NMRIH in the 1st place is no longer interesting for me because NMRIH is so much better. Yes, a free to play game that is not that famous is so much better than the famous purchasable Left 4 Dead series. 

Why? Because this game makes everything feels real. Simply, in this game, you have to make decisions about how to make the best use of teamwork and the supplies you have. It is not a run and shoot game.

Additionally, mastering the game is challenging but can be frustrating. With friends, mastering the game is challenging and so much fun. Overall, friends make every game much better
Difficult zombie survival game where team work is the key to not becoming one of the undead. Over 30 weapons, no ads, no microtransactions and some pretty cool levels. Avoid the zombie children. They're a pain
This game would be great as a $20 game, but it's free! The devs care about the community and the lead dev answers any questions and replies to everyone on the forums, they constantly update and improve the game, tending to everyone's needs, they listen to their community as well. When their second game comes out, I can trust that it will be worth buying!
-Friend and I are running through the streets
-Friend gets grabbed by the ankles
-I act quick and kill the zombie
-I wasn't quick enough... friend got bit
-I decide to take him with me anyway
-we nail the windows up and fight zombies at the door
-he says "It's Happening!" and starts to turn
-I shoot him in the head
-I break a window barricade and get out of the house
-I shoot lots of zombies in rage
-I get surrounded
-I get eaten alive
10/10 would simulate a realistic zombie event again.
Atmosphere. Death. Suicide. Infection. Panic. Fear. Loneliness. Tone. Mood. Humanity.

These are all words to describe NMRiH. True depression and deep understanding of how it feels to be scared. I developed a fear of pandemics from this game. The soundtrack, fantastic.

You start to become paranoid of your surroundings, jumping when you see runners and silently crying internally as you stick the barrel of a gun inside of your infected face.

The music fades when you do, with the DoF focused on this boomstick shoved into your head. It's so easy, to just pull the trigger, isn't it?

It's so easy to die.
No More Room in Hell.

Where do I start with this game.. Well this for one is very fun to play and I definetly recommend this to anyone who is wanting to experience a zombie, survival, strategy and immersive style of game. 

There are 2 basic mods for you to play in, 1 being a survival game mode. You start off typically in a house or not depending on what map you choose, and you have to scavenge for tools, weapons and materials in order to survive (Hence the name survival). There are waves in this game mode - Starting with wave 1, once you kill all the zombies that have spawned wave 2 will commence (Waves getting more difficult as you progress). More zombies, more lethal zombies such as running zombies and runnings kids.. Yes I said it. RUNNING ZOMBIE KIDS are in this game which makes the gaming experience 10x better already, they are harder to kill as you often don't see them coming and they run fast as hell. Inflicting harder hits than your normal average zombie. (So watch out for those little fuckers).

2nd game mode is objective. You start off with nothing in your inventory, having to find melee weapons such as machete, chainsaw, sledgehammer, knifes, crowbars and so on. All of these weapons have different swing times and damage outputs (bigger heavier weapons doing more damage but slower swing). You can find guns whether they be automatic, semi auto, bolt action, 3 round burst but nothing crazy like a minigun, RPG or grenade launcher. However you can find grenades and molotovs also a Bow. You are given the 1st objective such as find a key to unlock the door, you then have to proceed to the next objective getting more difficult as you progress through the map until you reach the end where your picked up and saved. 

The actual game itself: Finally getting to the point here bare with me. There is no Hud or mini map when your playing so it becomes very immersive, the only sense of whereabouts you are is the compass you rely on. There's markers on the compass pointing to the direction of the next objective. Sometimes none at all if it says 'you must find (an item) to proceed through the gate/ barrier' for example. You can run, walk, crouch but no prone. As you run or jump alot your stamina will run out causing your character to be out of breath and only able to walk slow. You can select different looking characters (none altering your play style) and can choose from a selection of voices. There are in game voice commands you can say.

Whether you play solo or co-op is upto you, the max number of players is 8 in a game. The average zombie walks slow and hits slow but don't be fooled by their behaviour! as you can soon overwhelmed by hordes of hundreds. Running zombies are not common but not rare to find, make sure you shove them away asap causing them to stumble, but inflicting no damage. If one bites onto you there is a chance you may become INFECTED. Meaning you have to find pills to delay the time it takes for you to become a zombie. As you 'turn' vains will appear on your screen and it will darken until you rise from the dead. You then turn into a running zombie. If you can't bear the guilt of turning into a zombie ofcourse you can turn the gun to yourself.

Finding different guns will require different types of ammo. The more items you hold the heavier your bagpack (Inventory) will become, noticeable via a weapon wheel filling up with items. If you want to pick up a heavy item such as a sledgehammer and your bagpack is only filled half way, you might not be able to pick it up as it's very heavy and takes up alot of space in your bagpack. There is no food or drink level to your character.

There are many different interesting maps to play, forest, dark forest, prison, research facilitys, military bases and 1 more importantly i'd like to mention. A particular map called 'Toxteth' is in the game which I thought was just a coincidence but it wasn't. Its based on a street in liverpool in an area called Toxteth. Where I was partially brought up. It's based on Harrington Road by Toxteth cemetry where i'm very familiar with. I dont know why the game makers decided to make a map based in this place but i'm guessing it's to make it look like the riots we had back in 1981. The street layout itself looking disturbingly familiar to how it does in real life. 

Bad qualities I HAVE to mention are:
1. Game graphics aren't the best
2. Wall textures on some maps can visibly break and look purple
3. Mod servers with unlimited ammo and health ruin the game - My personal opinion
4. No tutorial making it a little difficult for new players to understand the game. My best advice? stay close to others and mess with your settings before you find a game
5. Because of a slightly higher learning curve, new players become dis-interested quickly. Stick with the game!

All considered this is one Hell of a game and most importantly it's free!
+ it is free!
+ eerie atmosphere
+ good, fitting music
+ slow, objective based gameplay (patience, ammo conservation and focus on objectives are essential)
+ game runs fine on low spec/old computers

- graphics are dated
- music is good, but repetitive, you will hear the same songs many many times
- often long wait for respawn (up to 30min) because you can only spawn at round start (I know there is a casual mode with instant respawn, but that makes the game way too easy.)
- quite a few griefers who try to ruin games by votekicking players, wasting items, etc. They have multiple ways to ruin a game and it can be hard to stop them.

Conclusion: Great, free zombie shooter, with some flaws, but still better than many pay to play zombie games.
No More Room in Hell is a 3D survival horror game that forces players to fend for their lives in a zombified universe. A variety of maps are accompanied with their own unique goals, ranging from surviving waves of shambling undead to completing a set of objectives that’ll mean success for those left standing. While the games are divided into the two categories of “survival” and “objective,” the wide selection of maps will always offer a different take on whichever mode players decide to play. But, regardless of the mode players choose, they’ll have to use all the tools at their disposal to survive and win.

No More Room in Hell Key Features:

'Of the Dead'- Game draws inspiration from George Romero’s ‘Of the Dead’ franchise.
Unforgiving Combat - One miss in No More Room in Hell could end up costing players their life.
Fight together, or die alone - Co-operation among players is highly advised, as players can quickly become swarmed.
Atmosphere - Dark, depressing and realistic setting. Game is actually scary.
Various enemies - from classic lumbering zombies to more contemporary sprinting undead, there are a range of enemies to survive.
This one time i was playing and I got bit. i was turning. everyone was asking me if i was alright, and i said i was fine. like every 5 min i would have to sneak into our supply room to get some meds so i didnt turn. but alas, i went into the storage room and someone was sneaking behind me, they saw me get the meds and take them. it was the last of the supply, I saw him see me and he ran to the group telling them. One of them screamed YOU TRAITOR, told me to leave and dont come back. i left our fort to fend for myself, i found a pistol with 4 rounds, just enough. i snuck back in the base to shoot everyone and get more meds from their corpses. 10/10
An amazing first person shooter for low end pc gamers! looking forward to the release of it's sequel! Anyone who wants multiplayer fun combined with zombie killing sprees,this game is made for you! :)
Like L4D2 but more challenging.

It's Free.

No-one leaves piles of ammo lying around.

No more "immune" bullshit that allows zombies to rip you apart and bite you without infecting you with the virus that ended the world.

Kill your infected friends.

Every zombie has the potential to kill you.
No more room in hell is a free zombie survival horror game. 

This game is not just your average zombie survival game. Your character isn't immune, he isn't special. He is an civilian trying to survive, you can get infected and after some time you will turn into one of them, effectivly hindering your teammates or even catching them on suprise. And yes, you will die, a lot. Some of my friends get bored after one match and I can see why.

The game has got a rather big skill factor that you will see when you play the game more. It's very well made and it feels extremely rewarding to complete a rather hard map. But when you start you have mostly have no idea what to do. You will die, and die, and die again. It's boring to lose and lose again. But if you stick long enough you will see what you are capable off. 

The main game has 2 modes, NMO and NMS, lets start with NMO.
NMO is a mode that is based around objectives, usally it's the left 4 dead style. Keep on moving until the end. But this game makes objectives random per game. On the same map you could be walking in a different section and doing different objectives then you did last time. Reducing repetitveness from this mode.
NMS on the other hand is more about defending [b] Zones [/b] while searching for weapons and suplies as the waves come at you. This is possible to do solo but this mode will be A LOT more easy if you got a friend or more to help you out. I think this mode is harder then NMO because you are more dependend on your team. You can't just run away if everything fails. You got a zone to protect.

Now to the soundtrack in this game. It's a solid 10/10 for a free game and It is AMAZING. The soundtrack will fill you with despair, horror, but also hope when near the end. The soundtrack surely makes the atmosphere better by a big step.

tl;dr

This has to be one of the best free to play games here on steam. It feels very realistic and it's skill based. It has 2 modes which are both very fun to do and repetitveness is played out by placing different objectives on the same map. It's a must get and I recommend this to everyone that hasn't tried it out yet or didn't gave it a second chance.
This is basically a Left 4 Dead game, it's not a clone by any means I find it to be more difficult for first timers, for a free game it's actually pretty amazing, the only thing I'd say this needs is constant support and more maps.
Things I would like would be: the ability to level up, add more character customization, possibly some weapon customization aswell.
This has to be one of the best F2P games out there and im sure if it gets more attention it can become much better than it already is, as of the time of my review I'd give this a 7.8/10
It's extremely solid and hits the fundementals well I'd just ask for more content, but basically you wont regret spending your time on this free game.
I have more than 150 hours on this game on multiple accounts. This is the only zombie game where you actually fear the zombies. 2 zombies at the same time is actually dangerous. Bullets and resources are scarce and you can get infected very easily (they even implemented a button where you point your gun to your head and shoot yourself so you dont jeopardise your teammates' game). The developers stop updating it because they are working on No More Room In Hell 2. But on the other hand, this game is actually free. You can't buy anything. You have full acess to all of the content. This is a true example of a game made by fans. 9/10 Masterpiece.
A great free zombie survival game with a slower pace, dark atmosphere and lethal combat despite the limitations of the ageing source engine. 

It effectively does what it sets out to do. Emulating the feel of classic zombie horror films which it bases itself on.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1630694200
[b]No More Room in Hell is a fantastic co-op survival-horror FPS. It nails almost every aspect that makes a zombie game terrifying (lots of gore, difficult to kill enemies, relatively frail characters, scarce weapons and ammo, claustrophobia, reanimation, etc.). It's quite impressive how the developers were able to create such a great game, out of the relatively old Source Engine and without any financing whatsoever (except for their paid sountrack).

I will now list the pros and cons of the game:[/b]

[h1]Pros:[/h1]

• Spectacular atmosphere, where horrible sights are abundant.
• Great objective-based maps that alternate between different sets of objectives to complete in order to finish a level.
• Very good soundtrack, mixing tension and desolation with its electronic vibe.
• Satisfying combat feel and mechanics
• Simple and functional co-op: the more players there are, the easier it gets to complete the objectives, and zombies don't focus on only one player. Also, helping other people to get past a horde, healing them, preventing them from becoming a walking corpse, feels great, as well as when they help you in return.
• Zombies are disgusting, very dangerous and hard to kill, making you hate the moment they grab you, or when they decide to swing their arms at you. The sheer number of them helps build the desperation in the player's mind.
• The inclusion of zombie children is nice, because it helps with immersion and realism, as well as freaking the player out.
• Scarcity of weapons and ammo keep the tensions high, especially when there are 8 players in the server.
• Both firearms and melee weapons are very satisfying to use and pack a punch.
• The minimalistic HUD is excellent and surprisingly comfortable to use.
• Bleeding and infection are some good game mechanics that up the difficulty and realism
• Realism mode on co-op is hard but very, very thrilling to play, once you have the skill for it.
• Nightmare difficulty is brutal and unforgiving. A paradise for adrenaline junkies.
• Some of the achievements are really good and can prove a real challenge, like "We Got This!" or the speedrun achievements.
• Even after completing all objective maps several times and learning all the tricks, it's still a thrill to complete most of them. As an extra challenge, you can try finishing every objective map on your own, which feels like a fantastic accomplishment (for example, "nmo_brooklyn").
• An abundance of free, fan-made maps can keep you entertained for a long time, because many of them are really hard (namely, underground, subside, sweden, urbanhazard, in_the_dark, anxiety, ghostbuster, ravenholm, emergency, torn, camilla, house_of_forester, and many more).
• It's free to play, as if everything before that wasn't enough for you to try it out.

[h1]Cons:[/h1]

• It's still a mod, so some clunkyness, bugs and glitches will be present at all times, breaking some of the immersion.
• Although satisfying, the combat is finicky and requires some serious practice and experience to fully dominate.
• Hit detection is bugged. Pushing, melee hits and shots don't register consistently.
• Runners, the biggest source of challenge in the game, are very exploitable, they lack attack animations when running, you can basically kite them all on your back while walking.
• The random chance of infection can be incredibly frustrating, especially when you get infected on your first bite, and you are in the begining of a really long map, like nmo_anxiety. Yes, the chance increases the lower your health is, but I've had many instances where I got infected on full health, first bite, and others where I could finish hard maps like nmo_underground_a9 having been bitten many times on low health, and showing no signs of infection.
• Objective maps can be broken with ease. Just throw a vital item over a fence and you're done, no more progress. This is a problem that server admins, have to face many times, and I, personally, punish players severely for breaking objective maps.
• Survival maps tend to be somewhat boring and stale, not to mention how easy it is to beat them with 5-ish players, unless Realism is enabled, but very hard to solo them. Also, they are very laggy when playing online, where more than 100 zombies can spawn at a time.
• The tutorial is limited to an image of the main keyboard controls during the loading screens, which isn't the best way to teach players. It all ends up in a good old trial and error type of learning curve. No info on game mechanics, like charging your melee weapon, whatsoever.
• Zombie models lack variety which breaks the realistic gameplay to some degree. It's kind of dumb when you encounter the same old man zombie for the tenth time on a single map. Also, there are only two skins available for zombie children.
• Third person character animations are a little bit funky. Walk, run and melee attack cycles are stiff.

[b]So, do I recommend No More Room in Hell? DEFINITELY. If you like zombie/co-op/FPS games, this is one of the best I've seen, and it's really impressive for a mod. Even if you're not particularly excited about zombies, but you're into horror games, you will love this one. If you can look past all the bugs, which are not as noticeable as I made them look in the review, then you're in for a treat. This review is also a personal opinion based on my experience with the game (no less than 2000 hours), so it's ok if you end up disagreeing with me. I won't give a numeric rating, because I think that no review will guarantee that you'll like or dislike a game, you have to try it out for yourself.[/b]
When i first played NMRIH I thought it was the shittest game on the planet but something about this game that hooks you in. Having said that it only starts to become super fun after you understand the game concepts and realise this is not Left 4 Dead you are not a zombie killing machine. Often not it is much easier to walk past zombies than take them head on as most maps will keep spawning them and it starts to become less about killing the horde than about managing it. There is good variety in melee weapons and ranged. From the amazing sledgehammer to the borderline useless kitchen knife. Also infection is present in the game so when you get bit by a zombie there is an above average chance you will be infected and the only way to halt it is to get the pills or the extremely rare gene therapy to halt it entirely. The enemy types range from bog standard walkers to runners and infected children which run really quick but are easy to kill and it might sound sadistic but slamming a sledge hammer on a zombie childs head never gets old as the physics usually catapult them in the opposite direction as their heads explode. Anyway the zombie types serve their perpose and the game is a lot more grounded than most zombie games on the market. In other games you'll see zombies that jump everywhere or spit shit. None of that here this is as realistic as you can get cause more often than not you will have to whether escaping or helping teammates more important. Its a fun game all in all and its free so there is no reason you should not try it as its a realtive small download and pretty good.
How i play this game:
1.Get some stupid OP melee weapon (Pickaxe)
2.Camp on same spot
3.Get 200 kills with same weapon
4.Get votekicked because camping
5.DONE
for a f2p game, you'd assume it to be p2w or just bad..

well this game isnt either of those.


this game is an absolute masterpiece.

bringing elements from other games (l4d,half life) it creates the perfect game, allowing the player to pick up the controls easily. the gameplay is superb, and such a blast when playing with friends.


pros: Highly enjoyable, plenty of maps, easy enough to pick up, different modes, and its FREEE!!!

Cons: i wanted to create my own server, but it seems to be very difficult, its not a simple create, invite, play. still to this day i do not know how to create my own server. 



overall. its a free to play zombies/survival/wave by wave, game that allows the player to jump in and have fun. i personally enjoy having the menu to spawn weapons in, and infinite ammo (if anyone can teach me to host a server with these features id appreciate it). This game is a must get title. ITS SUPERB, FUN, SCARY, FRESH, AND FREE.

id pay for this game. 

TRY IT OUT, EITHER WAY ITS FREE, YOURE EITHER GONNA LOVE IT, OR LOVE IT!

10/10
This game is a new genre of zombie games (at least to me anyway) the game is unforgiving and and slow which makes this game unique. The maps are originally very bare with just enough weapons for 8 people (max per server), weapons are the standard melee or firearms, however, given the unforgiving nature of this game, you may not have enough bullets in your gun to protect you from the various zombies you will encounter, including runners, walkers, crawlers, children, and armoured zombies. Your best bet on survival is top notch accuracy and the ability to use all types of melee weapons (including your fists).

There are 3 different game difficulties that you can choose from when looking for a server; classic mode, casual mode and modded.

-Classic mode: Can be divided into two types which are, objective and wave maps. Objective maps require the player(s) to complete objectives all over the map before they can be extracted. Wave maps are straight forward, survive all the waves to get extracted. If you die during a wave, with no respawn tickets, you will automatically respawn at the start of the next wave.

With both game types, consecutive kills with no deaths is rewarded in respawn tickets.



-Casual mode: Similar to classic, however, the player spawns with a random melee weapon in-hand and start off with 3 respawn tickets. Players are also spawned at any point in the game whether it be an objective or wave map.

New players may want to join these types of game types as they are easier to get accustomed to and learn the ways of the zombieslayer.



-Modded: Personally, I find this very lacking, repetetive and boring. Modded servers usually provide players with infinite ammo and all weapons. This gametype is usually played by those who are somehow very bad at the game. I believe these servers were originally a casual mode map, so respawn ticket rules are the same.

Fin.
This game is free, this game is amazing and it is tons of fun when you manage to play it with your friends. Overall a great experience that mainly focusses on two modes. Objective mode where you have to traverse a set of objectives with slightly different item locations/objectives on other playthroughs and Survival mode where you have to survive waves of the undead while protecting a base before getting evacuated.

What seperates this game from any other zombie shooting game is the little tweaks that make this game more "real" and harder to play on first tries. First off it's impossible to kill all the zombies in Objective mode, you have to find a way around them or kill a majority with melee weapons before proceeding. Your inventory is limited, you never know when you need those bandages or if a few extra bullets will prevent the bleeding through shooting.

You can get infected and you can fend the infection off with pills, putting a timer on your actions. You have to look at your ammo count to see how much ammo you have and what ammo type you need for your gun. So randomly picking up ammo with your limited space is not a viable option.

Also even if you are experienced with this game you WILL die sometimes, you can get bitten 3 times and nothing can happen but the smallest slip can let you get infected. And the faster infected look like the rest so their arrival can be unpredictable. There are enough spaces in the maps where being caught alone certainly means death.

Overall this is a great experience, for the same price you can stare at a brick wall or play League of Legends. Both eventually drive you insane, so why not have a go at this?
Quality game with buddies, Difficult levels, Zombie children, what more could you want? Also Free, and 200% better than any Walking Dead Official game I have ever played.
Fucking fantastic. At times the physics can be a tad buggy and there are some minor glitches but most of them are completely tolerable and it is a 7 year old free game anyways.
Since I just did a review on a bad zombie game and the great George Romero passed away recently I'd figured I come back to this game and do a good review, this game is great in so many ways so to make this easier let's go down a list

The zombies, they are slow but hit hard and can quickly overwhelm you if you corner yourself or if there are just simply too many of them, that is exactly how I like my zombies, while games like Left 4 Dead did cool mutant zombies this gos back to the roots of zombies and does them perfectly, the zombies also look like zombies too, there wasn't a single zombie model I disliked, I also love how there are little kid zombies, that is something I've always wanted to see in games and it makes this game that much darker, the only zombie lore this game doesn't follow is the headshots only rule which is strange considering this game takes place in Romeros universe however headshots do a ton more damage than body shots, I'll let it slide because it is a video game and makes sense in that respect, if I had one gripe about the zombies it would be there aren't enough models, over time I saw a lot of repeating models however this is something most if not all zombie games suffer from so it won't affect my score, 10/10


The Survivors, I love how this game has multiple survivors and voices to choose from, that is a great way of doing it, I do wish some of the models were better and hopefully if this game gets more popluar you could add more character models? That would be awesome, I'll give them a 9/10 but only because a couple of the models had texture issues.


The game modes and maps, there are 2 game modes, a classic survival mode and a more linear objective mode, both are great, tbh I don't know which I like more, Survival mode is easier but Objective mode feels more like a normal game. most if not all of the maps that come with the game are excellent and most fan made ones are good or at least decent there's even a Night of The Living Dead and Day of the Dead map (with a Bub cameo), there is a mall map too but it isn't the mall from Dawn of the Dead but that's ok, the maps provide great atmosphere with help from the music which is also pretty good and atmospheric, I must say bravo developers bravo indeed, another big prop I have to give this game is that it allows you to play by yourself, the last game I played didn't and that sucked, I don't always want to play with people and in the zompocalypse sometimes..Hell a lot of times you'd probably be on your own. 10/10



The weaponry and other items, The weapons in this game are great and pretty various, everything from a kitchen knife to an Automatic shotgun to 3 seperate types of Grenades are in this game, while there isn't a ton of gun variaty there is enough to keep everyone happy and even have several player preferences, it even has a bow and arrow which is easily one of the best but hardest weapons to use. Other items include Flashlights, Hammers and Boards to board up doorways and windows, and medical supplys such as first aid kits to heal, bandages to stop bleeding damage, pills to stave off infection for a decent time and a sort of Anti-zombie epipen that completly cures you of the virus, all of these items play an essential role in surviving, there aren't so many items that it gets confusing but there's also not a lack of items either, there is just enough, another pro of items is that you can't use them if you don't need them, this saves players from wasting stuff which is great, 10/10


Gameplay and mechanics, there aren't many noticable mechanics tbh, it's mostly your typical FPS, grab a weapon, aim, and fire, use items when needed, and do whatever you have to do to survive, the few mechanics that are fresh and somewhat original are being able to board up doors and windows, this is a great mechanic and nice throw back to Night of The Living Dead, another interesting mechanic is that you can hit a button to check your ammo, literally your character takes the clip out and will say how much ammo is left very nice touch, the final and pretty unique mechanic I like is that you have the option to blow your brains out, if you hit K while holding a gun your character will put it under their chin, everything gos pretty quiet, press the mouse button and BAM! you commit suicide, I gotta say this is fantastic game design for 2 reasons, 1 because in the zompocalypse a lot of people would do this, whether out of fear of trying to survive or being cornered by zombies and not wanting to be eaten alive, or because of infection and not wanting to turn. 2 because most games wouldn't have the balls to put this mechanic in, it's a very dark thing most devs wouldn't want in their games, luckily this is a mod game and doesn't have to follow most video game ettiquete.



Overall this is probably one of if not THE best FPS zombie game I have ever played, I love everything about it, it's basic but not too basic, it isn't perfect things in the game could be expanded on but as it stands now it's a very solid game, I've seen big name game companys put out games MMMUUUUUUUCH worse than this in the past 6 or 7 years alone, I highly encourage zombie fans to play this and I also highly encourage the Devs to keep working on this game, with enough support this could become a big game, I'd rate it 11/10, I think George would be proud of this game, if he were still alive and knew of this game he might even support it, R.I.P George Romero.
If you enjoy survival horror, you will have a great time. I highly recommend this game to anyone else! There is no P2P or P2W in the game either, meaning you wont have to spend half of your earnings to get 75% of rest of the game. I also think that with a couple of tweaks on the game and the abilty to customize characters, I think this game will be even better! However many players vote abuse, which can get very annoying.
This game is seriously sick, and it's free what have you got to lose? besides hours of your life to murdering hoards of zombies!

We NEED more people playing this, now.

But seriously, this is a really good game. The community is usually very good, met some great people on it. The game it's self is just alot of fun to play with the seemingly endless amount of maps like camp blood (the camp from the friday the 13th movies) or the Night of the Living Dead farm house just to name to cool ones. You can do objective style games like left 4 dead, or you can do pure survival (my favourite). The servers are great, you can really test your self with a straight up survival feel, finding guns and weapons on the floors and dividing ammo like a team. Or you can just spawn guns and unlimited ammo, hell go god mode if you want the wide range of servers allow it all! The graphics though a little on the plain side are much better than other free games imo, i really prefer playing this over other mainstream zombie games because  it just feels more real, the lighting and atmosphere is alot darker and creepy and the guns and melee and other items are just nice to use, especially with the ability to aim down sights.

I recommend this a thousand times over and cant wait for NMRIH 2! This is a game worth paying for.
rather accurate simulation of actual zombies, balanced guns, balanced zombies, "challenging" puzzles  (like the thing where you have to use a blowtorch to unlock a gate) and overall very fun to play. You can also commit suicide.

10/10 Suicide simulator
Where can I start:

Great Graphics
Low Hardware requirements
Various maps that are balanced for the modes they offer
Good ammount of weapons and ammo types
Good AI and gameplay
All of this for free (might not be much for a couple guys, but it's free so, it's allot)

The only negative issue I could point out is the fact that the community might not be as willing to team work as you, a bunch of idiots going around getting bitten by zombies, etc etc. If you wanna win or have some random fun, get some friends, otherwise, just try to help your team.
Get into a game, everyone imediatly rushes to guns, don't even get the right ammo type, and forget there's a shove. Meanwhile im here with my 3rd token.

In all seriousness its a great game if you find yourself with good teammates.
Got this game about 6 months ago, and even if the first few rounds weren't all that great (with the whole being-new-and-not-knowing-anything-about-the-game thing, a lot of the guys I played with loved to point out how bad I was at it) I'm glad I didn't abandon it back then. I've met a lot of amazing people since, and about two thirds of my Steam friend list is now NMRIH-players. As any other game it has its flaws, but they are few and my experience with this one has been nothing but positive, honestly. The maps are creative, and there's servers for everyone, whether you want to play objective maps or survival maps (with waves of zombies). Some even play on servers without zombies and with friendly fire on, as some kind of death match. There's a variety of weapons as well, everything from an ordinary hammer or a kitchen knife to things like a chainsaw, a m16 or a compound bow. The community is great, with few exceptions (you may stumble upon some annoying, toxic and/or selfish people when you play with others - there's no getting away from that - but luckily it happens very rarely in this game). I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys zombie games and zombies in general. Definitely worth trying out, even if you for some reason might be a bit sceptical - I mean come on, it's for free!
Starts game, 3 other people, trying to survive the zombies with 10FPS, sees dynamite, brought to the place we were reuniting our things, explode, everybody dies, a guy had minus points, everybody blames him, oh yea got away bois.

On another match, only one alive, dead survivor giving me instructions, says I could pick his weapon then go down that street, I say: "Or I could do this" comitted suicide, he says: "Yea that too".

But really, game is awesome, you should play it.
Just wanted to share my support for this game and congratulate the devs for keeping with it all these years.  An amazing game (its a crime for being free) if you love custom servers/mod support let alone a unique twist on zombie survival/objective based game that requires critical thinking instead of just showing you waypoints of where everything is (though some modded servers may do this more).
Outright horror, whether you are worried a child zombie yes a child zombie, A child zombie is amidst the horde, Or you run out of ammo and all you have is a crowbar, And you are infected this game delivers heart pounding split second decision coop action devised planning objective base maps AMAZING level design fun to play with friends OR RANDOMS heroism or deceit this game will reveal it within you or your-BFFF- watch your back LITERALLY

-PROS-
-Free-
-Covered basically everything in the summary-
-Good developers? they support it and the community aswell-
-it uses recycled day of defeat source animations-
-there is an infection system-
-there are child zombies to kill-
-PLETHORA OF WEAPONS OF ALL KINDS CROSSBOWS ASSAULT RIFLES PISTOLS ETC....also melee which you will use alot-


-CONS- 
-None that i can think of its perfect-



                                               (SERIOUSLY WHY ARE YOU STILL READING ITS FREE ITS FUN ITS GREAT!)
Generally, the game is good, but that's only for co-op playing, it's hard to finish the game being alone, I recommend this game only for people who likes zombie-apocalypse, not pleased is the zombie is passive too much, slow and etc. There's no story, it's cool game only for playing with friends, specially attention to soundtrack of main menu, that's just great.
The first game I ever got on steam. Actually first downloaded steam to get this game because I saw it in a youtube video years ago. Very nostalgic for me. 10/10.
I love this game, i've played with my brother and make speedruns and other stuffs... It is a good mod of Half-Life 2, have a speed gameplay and awesome realistic controls but, it's hard to learning in first play! However i do a list of three Good and bad things of this game:

Good Things:
1)Speed gameplay
2)Fun multiplayer, perfect to play with your friends a "free" game in steam
3)It is FREE!! (despite being a mod)

Bad things:
1)Hard to learn at the beginning (need a tutorial or another stuff)
2)Have a one "impossible"(very low probability of achieving) achievement: The Manhattan project
3)It is "hard" to host a server, need a simpler programming to create servers for lay people (easy way to creat servers)
--{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐  Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☑ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☐  Good
☑ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐  Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☑ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑  Teens
☐  Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑Potato
☐  Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☑ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐  Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐  You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☑  Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐  To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☑ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐  Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

Conclusion: ☑

0.1 Hours on record.. too depressing...couldn't dare to actually play the game cause of the apocalyptic music in the menu.I faced depression for like a week.
Found the control setup a bit odd. Switching weapons/inventory lacked functionality. Never found other players for server. Zombies were odd to kill if I could and if I find them, they were either right on top of me or never saw, which in either case meant I lost especially since i was always alone.
Games usually end up with you waiting for 50 billion hours because one Bateman is camping inside a room shooting anyone and anything that walks into his range.
Clunky and buggy mess. The gameplay was confusing at times and the zombies were either left 4 dead style hordes or t-posing glitched out monstrosities. Maybe one day the game can get to the point where it is an enjoyable experience for a few hours, however, for the time being I would avoid it.
Some of the levels simply don't work because they dont spawn with the tools required to progress in the level (i.e keys). Because of this i will NOT be recommending this game to any of my friends. Only play this game if you want to see the spawn room as admittedly, some of the spawn rooms are well designed. The combat is terrible but it doesn't really matter because most of the levels don't let you progress far enough to actually reach the zombies. Overall, this game is really bad and smelly doo doo. Overall, there are some pros to this game. There are many characters to choose from so no one will feel discriminated against. You can be a black person, a transgender woman, a non binary person and even a fat (but proud of his size) queer gamer called wally (hes the best character as his fat can stop zombies walking through doorways.) 


Dispite how LGBTQ friendly this game is however, i cannot recommend because the gameplay sucks and as a videogame critic I have to be fair. Bad game. Dont waste your time. Play cry of fear instead its much more bang for your buck (pound) and it tackles issues of not only LGBTQ descrimination, but also depression and anxiety. Something which this game fails to do. 1/10 triggered my PTQD.
This game is too realistic that it isnt fun. It takes forever to find a lobby and when you get into one, you have to wait for the players inside to finish the level. Its also really buggy and unpolished.



Left 4 dead games are better. Get those on discount.
