As a retired truck driver of 40 years I never though I would end up playing a game about truck driving but I find it a pleasing experiance when I can travel the European roads which I traveled daily. The experiance is so realistic I would recomend this game to all who would like a glimps of the life of a European trucker without all the grind and hardship which goes along with the job. Congratulations SCS you have a realistic product even taking into account the suicidal AI.
This game is meditation, the thought-cleansing effect of driving a thousand kilometres along the highway cannot be understated. Occasionally poor AI choices behind the wheel may spike your blood pressure but overwhelmingly ETS2 is a relaxing thing to stick on after a rough day. And if that's not enough you can just drive into oncoming traffic in your indestructible death machine.

An alternate title for this game could be "Zen and the Art of Logistics".
You know, it honestly feels like a joke at first. There’s thousands of games out there – some offer compelling storylines, others offer non-stop thrills, and pretty much all of them let us escape the dull monotony and grind of daily life... And then there’s Euro Truck Simulator 2. Which, unsurprisingly, is a simulation game where you drive trucks around a crude rendition of Europe. Okaaaay. 

To emphasise the absurdity of things, you only need to look at the basic gameplay loop that’s taking place here; you pick a job from a list of options in your area. You go and hitch up your cargo. Then you slowly trundle towards your destination, taking into account every road law and speed limit, and spending the great majority of your time on vast highways and never-ending strips of asphalt. After dragging yourself to your destination for 20 to 30 real-time minutes, you drop off the cargo – and do the whole thing again.

Suffice to say, then, that this isn’t for everyone; there’s a good chance a few of you have fell asleep merely reading the last paragraph. If you do actually get to the point where you boot up the game for the first time, it even does a lot to try and immediately frighten you off... You’re instantly met with a plethora of menus that are incredibly overwhelming, allowing you to do everything from create a profile to adjusting your X-axis sensitivity for... Well, something. The tutorial then doesn’t help matters, basically stemming down to telling you “Just drive the truck”, and then buggering off and leaving you to work out how exactly you do that in the first place. 

Yet give it a chance to get things rolling and – amazingly and most crucially – it really works. There’s a bunch of reasons why this is the case, that go way beyond the primal satisfaction that comes with driving a hulking great big rig. For one, there’s an incredibly calming sense of slow progression constantly burning away in the background, with the sat-nav in the corner of your screen always slowly ticking down the miles left towards your destination. It’s surprisingly satisfying to watch the numbers keep dropping, and finally whittling a distance that seemed impossible to begin with down to nothing. 

Secondly, there's the option to turn on your own music while driving, or even tune in to actual radio stations across Europe. Set one of these up and hit the perfect moment, where the right song comes on as you watch the sun slowly rise and peep through the trees, and it all just feels… Right. Heck, take my word for it when I say that having AC/DC’s “Highway to Hell” blasting out your speakers as you’re racing down the road at max speed is something that’s hard to beat. If you’re daring, you can even pop a video or TV show up in another window and zone out... But just like real life, the chances of you suddenly finding yourself wrapped round the nearest streetlight rapidly increase if you do this. Still, it’s fun to try. In the game, that is. 

There’s also a healthy degree of strategy mixed in as well. Your truck needs fuel and your driver needs rest, and managing the two becomes a delicate balancing act of effective time management, where you are constantly checking out your route and seeing how far you can push yourself before you literally fall asleep at the wheel. While it takes way too long if you’re not wishing to put yourself in a position of extreme bank debt (so much so it actually gets a little frustrating), you can even make enough money to hire other truckers to your cause. Suddenly you’re busy plotting out an empire, trucks roaming across all of Europe, and your hard work being rewarded with a skyrocketing bank account. You can even make the core game more complicated, if you’re that way inclined. An automatic gearbox might be the obvious choice, but there’s nothing stopping you from having to switch through all the gears manually, or even hooking a wheel up and going totally crazy. The choice, as they say, is yours.

It’s also worth pointing out all the mods that are available to enhance or change things up – from the big changes to the little tweaks, there’s a lot you can bolt on to the base experience. Whether it be branding the sides of trucks with famous logos, or subtly changing the map and the way your truck handles, there’s a lot you can tinker about with if things are starting to feel a little dry. Special shout out to the mod that lets you personalise the inside of your truck – because there’s something irresistible about decking out your cabin with a giant BB-8 and a bunch of other nerdy bits and bobs that fill up every empty space. While not offered in the game or mods themselves (and I can't say I tried this myself), there’s also means out there to take things online, hitting the road with truckers all over the world. Chances are you’ll end up in a traffic jam trying to get a ferry to somewhere, but hey, whatever floats your boat. 

In the end, whatever you choose to do and however seriously you take what’s on offer, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is perhaps the definite chilled out experience; with everything always just coming back down to you and the open road. It’s the perfect game to unwind after a stressful day, where the challenge or intensity of most other games simply doesn't appeal, and that's what makes it something so much more than something to laugh at.
Upon a winter's night quite cold
I loaded up a game Steam sold
The trucking sim of much acclaim
While thinking, “what a stupid game.”

At first I tried to play my way
By squishing peds and bringing pain
“Where are the cops?” I asked myself
Trying to earn my place in Hell.

But time went on I grew bored
I'd do one run and then ignore
This game that they’d called 'Comfy Truck'
And then move on without a-

BUT WAIT! I'm almost out of time!
Just have some faith, I'll cross that line!
But time was past and pay was docked
My world was shattered, faith was rocked.

“Well just one more.” I grumbled low
I loaded up and hit the road
"I've got it now." as off I went
Soon to delete local content.

Passed peaceful pastures in the night
I saw a sunrise blinding bright
I guess this game's not all that bad
Though not the best I've ever had.

Pop playing on the radio
In harmony with my Volvo
This siren sought to bring me sleep
While consciousness I fought to keep.

I showed up, docked and dropped my charge
At a nondescriptive harbor yard
“Just one more time,” said my girlfriend
“Tomorrow you can play again.”

But no, I knew I couldn't stop
The needs of commerce never drop
If it be chemicals or steel
I had to keep turning those wheels.

So down the road I charged once more
Through France, Poland and Luxembourg
And soon a thought occurred to me
Could this be what they call ‘comfy’?

If slow and peaceful is your aim
You'll not do better than this game
Now just real quick here's a rundown
So you’re running when you hit the ground.

You move cargo from A to B
I'd recommend quite hastily
If you do well and earn your pay
Then manage other drivers days.

And so with that ends my review
I hope maybe you’ll try it too
In here you'll find no gun or knife
But I enjoy the trucking life.
Much like my sentiments of Farming Simulator 2013, I fell in love with Euro Truck Simulator 2 and I have no idea why. Mundane job simulators are overwhelmingly garbage, but a select few (including ETS2) are surprisingly compelling.
There is no way I can think of to describe this game without sounding terribly drab. You’re a truck driver, and are starting your own shipping company. You have to drive according to the law, take rest breaks, buy fuel, pay for upkeep. There is nothing on paper that should be exceptional about this game, yet for what it is, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is disturbingly enjoyable. I recommend everyone to give it a try.
Man; I'll keep this short.

Started a job, a small one, from Plymouth (England) to Rennes (France).

Put on my favourite radio station through the game's radio streaming option - Hotmix radio (French station that plays 80's music non-stop with NO talking other than the odd jingle).

Get 'Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died In Your Arms' blasting out.

Driving down the country lanes of France, at night, with 'Died In Your Arms' playing in the background... you know this game is good.

I feel like you NEED music on when playing this game unless you like engine noises, similar to those that enjoy that whale noise thing.

It's not a complicated game. You pick a job, drive form A to B, get paid. You can run a trucker business as well. It's relaxing as f**k. Not going to lie.

Just... just find Hotmix radio, favourite it and you're set.
You get all the greats like Queen, Bee Gees, Dead or Alive, Erasure, Culture Club, Human Leauge, Pet Shop Boys, Kate Bush. You know... All the greats. The list goes on. I'm only 21, but f**k. I feel like I'm 45/55 (no offence to any 45/55 year old's).

Got a cup of tea, playing Euro Truck 2 with a 80's station on at the age of 21. 
It's just nice... to play a game, after a long day, in the evening, for a couple of hours every few nights.

Euro Truck 2 is worth it. Honestly. It might look sh*t, I said that when I saw it, but now look. I f**king love it.

So much for keeping it short.
Top-notch truck driving simulator.  With support for TrackIR, wheels and pedals, this game has become a gem of the simulation genre.

Before having tried it, it's hard to see why this game will be so addicting.  I suspect much of that feeling comes from the progression from a lowly truck driver not even owning a truck to a multi-country Logistics company owning a hundred trucks and employing as many drivers.

You "level up" various skills which improve the rewards you get from certain types of deliveries or open up more jobs such as longer distances or different categories of dangerous cargo.

Driving the trucks is a pleasure.  It's surprisingly therapeutic driving from city to city, obeying the road rules rather than smashing things up like a madman.  That said, if you disable the speed-limiter in options (90kph) you can get a bit crazy, getting as high as 150kph+ on some routes, a bit of a thrill considering the cargo you have in tow!  Speed cameras will become your enemy though.

Unfortunately the AI of the other traffic can at times frustrate.  In some instances such as in underpasses under freeways you can find intersections where the cars always fail to give way, probably because the intersection was not programmed correctly.  Don't get me started on the kamikaze AI at roundabouts either.

In any case, this is the most fun you can have driving a truck in a game.  Having a controller or steering wheel would be highly recommended, and if you have head-tracking equipment it's icing on the cake.
[h1]What is Euro Truck Simulator 2?[/h1]

Well, basically you drive a truck and deliver trailers to your destinations across Europe. This game is from the people of SCS who made other Truck Simulator games, as referring to [i]18 Wheels Of Steel Series and Euro Truck Simulator[/i]

[h1]Seems boring to play if you do the same thing over and over[/h1]

It sure seems like it does, I honestly thought when I first saw this game it seemed boring when I saw this. I gave the first Euro Truck Simulator a try and loved it. This game soul purpose is meant for people who want to kill the time that's worth it and love driving. 

[h1]Is it really all about driving?[/h1]

Actually, yes it is. It may seem like an easy task to do, but it's actually a challenge.
You start off small as you drive for other companies and build your way up. You start with the very small tasks that you can get done within the first 20 minutes of your gameplay with the short trips. Eventually, you gain skills and level up as you go. You can use those skills to help you for traveling the longer distance and get higher payment as you complete the tasks. Eventually, when you get that steady income, you can own your own truck and make even MORE money. You start off with a small garage, and you'll be able to upgrade it and hire drivers as you go! Even yet, take the shortcut way taking out a loan! You pick on what to do!

[h1]Is it Realistic?[/h1]

Yes, and no.

It's really how you look at it. The Physics on this game isn't 'Top Notch' but it get's the job done. For example, you hit a vehicle you'll just hit each other and no physical damage would be done between the collision. If anything, you'll just get a fine. Speaking of fines, there are laws you have to follow. Such as speeding, Red Lights and Green Lights and so on. The weather system is alright to my standards as you can change the settings of how often you want it to make it rain as you're on the road. Gas and time is a big factor too. It's important to keep track when you need to complete your delivery and keep your Fuel up at times! Sleep is also needed! 

[i]Note: Some of these features can be disabled in the future in-game, but will get rid of that 'Simulation' Feel.[/i]

[h1]Is there Multiplayer?[/h1]

The game alone is more focused on the single player aspects. Although there is a mod where you can download and be able to drive with your friends and other people!

[h1]Is there Mod Support?[/h1]

Heck Yes!
You can find a lot of mods, such as custom trucks, map mods, Graphic Mods and more!
Although alot of these mods aren't off the steam Workshop, you would have to try to find these mods somewhere off a ETS2 Mod Page

[h1]Is there Steering Wheel and VR Support?[/h1]

Oh yes, definitely. I have the G290 Steering Wheel/Pedal/H Shifter included, it's so much better and very more immersive.

I also have the Oculus Rift, combining it with the Wheel is awesome, I would very recommend pairing it up if you have VR or want to invest into it if your PC meets the requirements.

[h1] Is The DLC even worth it?[/h1]

Yes and no

There's a lot of DLC's shown off this game off the page, but half of them to me aren't worth getting. Most of them are for Paintjobs for your trucks. [i]Even though the Steam Workshop Supplies Free Paintjobs Without even Paying.[/i]

The important DLC's are the Map Expansions. These are the Map Expansions you would likely want in the future

- Euro Truck Simulator Going East
- Euro Truck Simulator Scandanavia
- Euro Truck Simulator Vive La France
- Euro Truck Simulator Italia
- Beyond The Baltic Sea

All of these Expansions alone will give you hours of fun for every single DLC. I have over 500 hours on this game, and only explored 67.32% of the map! [i]That's because I took my time, and didn't rush[/i]

[h1]The Issues I had in the past[/h1]

There hasn't been that many issues in the past for me, I had rare crashes that happen here and there and stuttering problems, but that's likely my CPU bottlenecking my performance. The AI traffic can be brutal at times, making sudden stops ahead of you, or cutting you off simply. But this is a rare occurrence. Although take care as you put Mods into your game, some mods will crash your game at times, but that's often rare in that case.

[b]Update as of 2019:[/b]

I upgraded my FX 8320 8-Core to a Ryzen 7 1700X, performance has been flawless ever since.

[h1]My Final Verdict[/h1]

if you love driving, this is a must-have! I never had interest in trucks until I played this! The scenery all around you while driving is just..breathtaking. Enough where you just want to stop and admire the scenery around you! There's a wonderful Day/Night Transition, weather effects, going 90kmh in the UK is just great!

ProMods is very recommended also if you have all the map expansions!

For a Simulator, I'm giving this a 9/10. There has never EVER been a simulation game about trucks before in this detail!

DLC Reviews: (WIP)

Going East! Expansion DLC: http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ferbinago/recommended/227310/
This is easily one of the best games I've got in 2013, and will probably remain in my Steam Favorites list for a long time. I never played a game like this before and now it has me hooked. It keeps getting better!

At first I was just enjoying the scenery, the gameplay of driving the trucks, taking different jobs, and leveling up my XP so I could make more money and buy my own truck (Volvo FH16 Globetrotter). Now I'm working to upgrade my truck and my business. The business part is pretty addictive too. You can take a loan, expand your first garage, start buying more trucks, and hire drivers to work for you. I'm anxious to get enough money to buy another garage somewhere else and start another fleet.

You can not only use your skill points from XP to strategically improve your abilities and rewards one step at a time to make more money, you can do the same with your drivers (or choose to have their skills auto-balanced).

The scenery is gorgeous and there are some nice little touches of different things to see on the road and in different cities.

The changing weather and day/night transformations are great. Rain storms are awesome.

Driving in Europe is really not that different than driving in North America. Although, for some reason driving in the UK made me a little nervous--maybe it's the little extra traffic; maybe it's just driving on the other side of the road; or maybe I was expecting The Stig to cross my path.

I play with a  Driving Force GT wheel, and even though as a fan of racing games I at first had doubts about this game, I gotta say if you have a wheel you really should try this game. Everything about the game is pure pleasure, but the driving is not just enjoyable but challenging as well. Things like parking your trailer; traveling swiftly but balancing your trailer's loads around all kinds of bends, inclines and declines; driving at night; dealing with other drivers (watch out for the evil empire of busses!) and trying to overtake slow pokes who follow the speed limit; traveling as fast as you can and watching for speeding cameras and changing speed limits make this one of the best driving games I've ever played. Oh yeah, don't blow those red lights--all the tickets you could get for various things can really ad up on one trip.

It actually is becoming a racing game as I'm travelling longer distances. Right now in order to not interrupt my delivery with rest stops and not be late (which costs money) or get fined for driving while tired (happened to me four times at the end of one trip), I'm trying to make my trips even faster. So I'm balancing my loads at top speeds, taking the ever changing curves of the road as gracefully as possible, putting the pedal to the metal but watching for speed cameras and changing speed limits (watch out for those road hazard areas and be careful in town), and trying to overtake just like in a racing game--but it's more challenging with opposing traffic on busy highways!

It's also a great music game. Hit the road and use your in-game radio to tune into different internet stations or play your favorite music on a media player in the background (I recommend AIMP3, which has a great interface and features but is very low resource).

I highly recommend ETS2! I hope they make more expansions, and I am looking forward to American Truck Simulator.
It's very hard to hype this game up. You get into a truck with some cargo to deliver and hit the road accross a scaled down version of Europe. Over time you gain experience for things, like longer distances, more valuable cargo, etc. You can eventually buy your own truck(s), hire other drivers and expand your trucking empire and stuff.

But basically, it's about driving heavy, sluggish trucks. I am having difficulties putting into words [i]why[/i] any of this is fun. Perhaps fun isn't the right word at all.

It's relaxing most of the time, satisfying, and sometimes tense.

There's something in there about small moments. The moment where you pull out of the loading dock with your frozen peas or whatnot and find the highway. The moment where the countryside changes and you cross borders. The moment where the signs change and the language is different. The moment where you know you're almost there and are about to arrive. The moment where somewhere in the middle, it rained for a while, or got really dark. Or both. The moment where you missed your exit somewhere in belgium. The moment where you discovered you could listen to actual internet radio from within your truck, from a station that matches the country you're gently passing through.

This is probably not something you'll want to sit at for multiple hours, but if you're anything like me, you'll keep coming back to it, running a delivery once in a while, because it's relaxing, and the moments are tantalizing. 

Oh also, there's a multiplayer mod. It's all of this except once in a while you will pass another guy going in the opposite direction. You'll both cheerfully honk your horns in greeting, then continue on your respective ways. I guess that's also another moment.

I am actually fairly excited about all things VR and the Occulus rift for a multitude of reasons and games I'd like to experience with it, but my deepest secret about it is that I am [i]really looking forward to playing ETS2 when the consumer version lands[/i]. Seriously. That's how much I enjoy this game.

UPDATE: 2018/06/11
I have now realized this life long dream of playing it in VR with a Wheel and Pedals.
It is everything I hoped it would be.
This is the best Driving Simulator that i have come across. The details are great, the driving 
is excellent and the choice of trucks makes it hard to pick a favourite. I have 1000hrs.+ and am
still not getting tired of pointing the nose of my volvo down the road and hauling that cargo.

The Developers are always on the ball -  upgrading, ironing out the little bugs that come up,
integrating new routes and cities and making the trucks work and drive as authentic as possible.

Not to forget the multiplayer mode which is a change from the single player version so if anyone
gets bored it´s their own fault.

To summon it up this is just a great Simulator.

Euro Truck Simulator 2 - the smash hit no one saw coming. Buy and customise your own fully licenced and detailed truck from any of the seven truck manufacturers (Scania, Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, MAN, DAF, Iveco and Renault) then haul good around Europe's cities. Earn money, level up, buy garages and more trucks then hire workers to drive them. Build a trucking empire whilst traveling across beautiful scenery with realistic-looking sunrises, sunsets, fog and rain. Works with keyboard, mouse, game controllers and steering wheels, not to mention TrackIR and Oculus Rift. With great mod support and regular DLC, this game remains fun and enjoyable almost three years after release. Just buy it, then you'll understand.
We recently had our first child and I was looking for a relaxing game to play during my (limited) downtime. Well I found it. Cruising around Europe, soaking in the scenery while listening to some random french jazz radio station playing in my truck literally puts a smile on my face. It's also very effective as an excuse for more playing time... "I'm just 25 km from finishing my tomato delivery to Venice" is a lot harder to argue with than "I just need to kill these last few guys". 

"Go finish your stupid delivery" is the usual response.

And I will.
This is the ultimate ZEN game.
I can't get my finger on it. I do not have any connection with trucks in real life, neither with cars, highways, driving or anything related to the theme of this game, but still it's great fun.

I almost strictly play rogue games and turn based strategy games.

The gameplay is very rewarding since you can unlock all kind of new parts on your way. It's realistic but not so much that the gameplay suffers from it. It's diverse since you can explore almost whole Europe (I really want to see Romania in it), and you have access to hundreds of ingame (or via internet) radio stations that you normally won't listen to.
France hip/hop stations, Polish folklore etc.

It's just very streamlined, looks very beautiful, runs on almost every PC, cost only 5 Euro with Steam sales now, won multiple rewards and all is perfectly fine for me.

This is the ultimate relaxing experience for those moments you want to try something else.
I like the game as it is, although one thing irritates me, and that is the fact that you cannot buy used/older trucks. So it would be nice to see a second-hand shop where you could buy older and used trucks from like early 2000's or maybe even older ones,This would affect the price and condition so it could make driving less "easy", and by doing so it would add more content to the game. Thus you wouldn't have to buy a brand new truck every time if you want it to be your own.
My girlfriend didn't get why I loved this game. 

Said I was a loser and a weirdo. 

So I built my transport company into a million dollar empire just to show her what I'm capable of. 

I haven't heard from her for a while. 

10/10
Most of my friends would look at me playing Euro Truck simulator and say "Why would you play that boring game??". The thing about this game is that it is so relaxing, but at the same time very enjoyable. 

Think about coming home from a tough day at work or school, just depressed or tired. Just hop in your truck, turn on the radio, and diseapear into the land of the calm. 

I definately recommend this game. But as every game, it's not for everyone. If you want a relaxing game, buy it straight away!
It's just one of those games you can turn on the radio (Game has an interface for internet radio) and just space out as you're driving through Europe's highways. Great game, would recommend to every single person out there!
[h1]TL:DR? See Conclusion[/h1]

[h1]INTRODUCTION:[/h1]
Euro Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2) is a 2012 vehicle simulation game developed and self-published by SCS Software. It features a massive game world spanning most of mainland Europe, the British Isles, and Scandinavia with each of the cities being connected by the beautifully recreated road systems such as the German autobahn roads.  The game also offers detailed simulation mechanics for hardcore sim players while also offering an alternative 'automatic' mode for the more casual players or beginners such as myself.

Although the game's primary and obvious gameplay mechanic consist of driving across Europe, it does feature additional mechanics to give the game a little more spice such as; a progression (level up) system where each level unlocks new cargos, trucks, upgrades and delivery conditions; Truck Company Management system where you manage a trucking company by purchasing / upgrading garages, trucks and hiring drivers to use them.  

Start the game as a driver for hire and earn enough money to build your own trucking empire that will span the entirety of Europe.

[h1]PROS:[/h1]
+ Beautiful graphics with detailed truck interiors, world environment, and road systems
+ Good sound effects and assets
+ Europe is vast and well detailed  giving individuality to each location you visit
+ Good selection of trucks with a good upgrade and customization system
+ Various cargo and delivery conditions
+ Surprisingly contains a relevant progression (level-up) system
+ Garage and Truck Company management system
+ Offers different game modes to cater for both hardcore sim players, casuals, and beginners
+ [url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=401036567]Easy modding capabilities[/url]
+ Very fast load times (Even on a mechanical hard drive)
+ Live European Radio Streaming or custom music playlist using the in-game radio feature
+ Has a demo in the Store page for anyone who's not sure if this genre is to their liking

[h1]CONS:[/h1]
- Some micro-stuttering despite the FPS being above 60
- Low number of pedestrians makes some parts of the cities a bit empty
- Poor reward for manually parking a trailer (they could have at least given 100xp for it)
- Anti-aliasing is limited to only MLAA

[h1]NEUTRAL:[/h1]
+/- The game's overall concept is for a narrow/niche audience.
+/- The AI needs to attend a Road Courtesy and Discipline class. (Although this does add to the immersion since the player will have to exercise due diligence while driving)

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
[b]GREAT SIMULATION GAME.[/b] Playing this game is surprisingly stress relieving and gives off a zen-like feeling while also offering a lot of other contents within the game world. 


[h1]WORTH IT?:[/h1]
I can [b]RECOMMEND[/b] this game at full price if you're a hardcore simulation fan but if not, I suggest you purchase this game on a sale. Either way however, I [b]HIGHLY RECOMMEND[/b] purchasing the [url=http://store.steampowered.com/sub/64904/]Delux Bundle[/url] which includes all available DLCs and Expansion Packs as well as SCS' other games such as Bus Simulator, Trucks & Trailers, and Euro Truck Simulator (1).

[h1]FINAL NOTES:[/h1]
To be completely honest, I didn't think much of this game when I first bought it because I did not see the appeal in driving trucks around in a game without a plot or a story. I was, however, pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed the experience because what the game lacks in story (being a simulation game and all), it makes up for in solid gameplay, excellent presentation, and player-friendly game mechanics. 

The game carries with it a relatively high system requirement so be sure to check that out before making a purchase.

--------------------------------------------------------- 
[h1]Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:[/h1]

[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/]Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)[/url]
This game is not for those who want action.
This is for the people who want to sit down, and relax.

You are a truck driver, starting your own business. 
You start off without a truck, using trucks supplied to you.
Eventually, you buy a truck, from here, you start to really make money.
Buy more garages, hire employees to drive for you, create a million dollar company.

The base game is great, but I highly recommend the world expansion DLCs.
(Going East, Viva La France, Scandinavia, Italia)

There are some amazing mods on the steam workshop. (Yes! Steam workshop!)
These are the ones I use:

Gameplay:
DP's Realistic Traffic
Realistic Headlight Range v1.1 

Graphics: (Place in mod list in this order)
Fael Environment v3.0
Darker Graphics  Mod Addon for Realistic Graphics.
Realistic Graphics Mod v2.0.1

Other:
Google Maps Navigation (Night Version)
SiSL's Trailer Pack
Real European Gas Stations Reloaded

I use mods and have some of the DLC, but none of it is necessary, the base game is great.
Also most of the mods I use require a good PC, but the base game greatly optimized.

I play on all high settings with all those graphics mods in 1080p.
It sometimes lags in cities but it's not that bad.

PC Specs:
GPU: AMD RX 580 4GB
CPU: Intel i5-7400 3.0ghz
RAM: 8gb ddr4

If you have any questions, ask below and I'll answer asap!

EDIT:
This is my setup on an Xbox One controller.

A - Activate
B - Detach Trailer
X - Cruise Control
Y - Screenshot (You can change this to whatever you'd like)

Left and Right bumpers are Indicators.

D-Pad Controls:
Right - Next Camera
Down - Light Modes
Up - High Beam Headlights
Left - Windshield Wipers (You can put this on Y if you dont take screenshots.

Start - Engine On/Off
Select - Pause Menu

Left thumbstick in - Horn
Right thumbstick in - Interior Camera

Update:
I just witnessed a car crash in Italy.
A cop in a lambo switched lanes and a car rammed them in the back.
And then another car almost hit the second car.
Check my screenshots
Even though no one understands why am I playing this game, it is self-therapy. I'm playing this since 2013, and I got it from a friend somewhere in 2015, but I gotta thank SCS for making this game. ETS2 is a big relief to me. Almost every day I'm taking a long route and clean my mind and get over "everyday problems". 

I'm strongly recommending this game to people who are angry everytime or those who are "covered" by problems everytime, even though this game seems to be boring, it is, but it also helps you reflecting and clean your mind. At least this works for me.
Euro Truck Simulator 2 isnt a game you play. its a game that consumes you. its a drug. you dont buy this game knowing that you will loose your social life. but ETS2 takes what it wants. my entire family has abandoned me. all thats left is my fleet of 50 trucks. my girlfriend crys from our bed "turn off the game, its time to go to sleep" she dosnt understand. its not a game. I run a Multi-Million doller International trucking empire, sleeping is for the noobs. this game recieves a perfect 10/10 from me, i have lost everything i have ever loved. but, i do have 20 Volvo trucks now....
Because of age and health issues I was stopped from driving unless I drove a hand adapted vehicle, which I declined. This game puts me again behind the wheel of a vehicle and I have spent in excess of 230 hours playing this simulator, I love this game and hope further expansion DLCs are soon forthcoming, the mods take this game even further, I have included American trucks, military mods and more paint jobs than I thought possible, immersed in the game you actually do feel as though you are on the road, the detail in trucks cities and countryside, and yes the A'holes that should never be allowed a license to drive are in the game, I let the AI know that if you do things to me I will do unto you, and I did, costing me £100s of pounds in repair bills and fines, but the satisfaction you get when you shove that car or truck into a river if one is close by is to much to resist, this game is for all ages, and I think it teaches all how to drive correctly, the young once familiar with driving a simulator like this will have no trouble obtaining a license, and keeping it clean, take your frustrations out on the traffic AI and drive squeaky clean in the real world, I highly recommend this game.
So this is the first time I've done a review in a long time but wanted to leave one for this game.
I took the plunge on this mainly as I got the Oculus and saw people saying fun it was. At first I was like how fun can it be.....then I found out.
Ok the graphics aren't of the likes of modern days but it holds up well for it ages and has slot of charm.
I've only played a few hours but can't wait to go back for another blast.
Slap on a custom playlist, out on your trucker hat and hit the road...just be careful as you will be fined for not following the road rules....so far in -£2300 and topple my Tesco wagon...but still having a blast.
Give it a shot and you'll understand why people like the game so much, the physics of the trucks, the feel of it all...well put together. As said it not my normal go to type of game but it's hellafun and glad I got it...specially for the sale price you got nothing really much to lose.
If you have the vive or oculus then give this a try it's excellent  especially if you have a steering wheel.
To use it for VR when you download it got to preferences then Betas and select Oculus 1.4 option.
When you do that go to General then set launch option; put -oculus in there and off you go.
Here's a link to a video that gives a guide.

https://youtu.be/4j3WsycbPU4
Are you fucking kidding me, This game puts any other simulator to shame.  You're talking 24 hour long transportation of the finest fucking IKEA furniture, Running them what seem to be green lights but in Euro they're yellow or some shit like that who knows, not you, you're too busy driving 60 tons of Soviet Russia's finest Vodka and Prostitutes, who cares what a light means.

When you're all alone on the highway is the best time, turn off the heallights and let the magic happen, some of that crocodil cocaine will keep you pumping through the fear as you barrel down the autobahn in reverse with kilos of petroleum and wooden dutch shoes in tow.

When you make it to that destination though, and you back up that fat trailer ass and just dump your load all over the parking lot of some Wal-Mart in Norway, the satisfation you get when at least 10% of your cargo is still intact makes you a god amongst other mobile mortals.  A King of the Transportation Ring.  Europeans Finest.
I'm a 35 year old female who doesn't drive in real life, somehow I'm addicted to this game!
I bought this after Christmas in the winter sale (also bought the DLC scandinavia and going east) and already have nearly 200hours of playtime on it and I'm ranked 33 ingame with 10 garages and a bunch of drivers, working on achievements now.

So why do I love this game?! Erm ..well even on the simpliest driving settings (I play using keyboard and mouse) I've come a long way and  learned so much about driving a truck and actually getting an education about city names in europe lol 
In my first few days I wasn't using lights half the time, cruise control, indicating, looking left and right at junctions, moving lanes in time on the motorways (and hitting barriers/other vehicles) I was getting fined for everything...including falling asleep at the wheel. Keep your fuel tank topped up too or find out the hard way when you run out and need a tow lol 
I can now do the harder reverse parking and yesterday I finally got the achievement for no fines/damage and in-time urgent delivery for 1000km lol a real achievement for me :)
This game is fun in many ways, I like recruiting new drivers and training them in certain areas (kind of in my head give them a backstory! Like Ethan who I recruited and is based at my Cambridge branch is most skilled at delivering expensive cargo, he comes from a rich family that think hes at Uni but hes dropped out to "travel europe" literally!)
I also love seeing real landmarks in cities like the fortress in Salzburg, along with the beautiful mountains.

Anyway, so even if you're not usually into driving games - this might surprise you! Definately value for money :)
After 7 hours playing this game, i was about ready to give up my career as a European Truck Simulator 2.

But then something magical happened. 
I inadvertently pressed the 'R' key whilst driving, and discovered radio. 

Radio Gothic from the Czech Republic saved me. 
Blaring songs about god knows what in some bork bork language reinvigorated my will to drive trucks in Europe. 

Thank you based Radio Gothic/10
[h1][b]A quick introduction[/b][/h1]

I will start by adressing the elephant in the room. [b]Yes, the game has 2 steam awards, and yes, they are well-deserverd by the game for being the amazing simulator that it is.[/b] Euro Truck Simulator 2 is not only a great experience that everyone can enjoy, but also a masterpiece in its own right. With such a large and active fanbase, the game grew with the help of its community: mods, multiplayer, new skins, trucks, etc., besides the huge amount of content it has been given from the developers. Official content is still being added to the game to the current day, be it in the form of patches, expansions or bug fixes. This makes my first point: buying ETS2 is a smart investment, since the developers truly care about the game and continue to update it and listen to their fanbase. I can make a quick prediction and say that ETS2 will still have updates or expansions coming out for at least a year or two more after the writing of this review. 

[h1][b]What exactly is Euro Truck Simulator 2? (Gameplay)[/b][/h1]

ETS2 is a truck driving simulator, but not only that. It places you into the position of the manager of an entire international delivery company. The goal of the game, even though most players will just say it's to relax or to have fun (which is also true), is actually to expand your company, hire more drivers, buy more trucks, more garages and obtain the monopoly for deliveries in Europe. The game takes this simple concept and manages to add an astonishing complexity to it (at first sight only, because after the first 20 hours or less in-game, you'll realize that the gameplay is actually simple and enjoyable). As the manager, you can also make deliveries yourself, which is how you will get your company up and running before you have the money to hire drivers to do that for you. You will start by doing quick jobs for various employers, with a truck given by them for the specific delivery, and your first objective is to buy your own truck so you can start taking jobs from the freight market, which get you more income. Once you get your own truck, it's all yours: you need to take good care of it, repairing it, refuelling it, being careful not to get fined for your actions on the road, and so on. From that point onward it is your job to build a strong and succesful business. As you do more deliveries and manage to get more experience (both literally, for leveling up, and figuratively, because you will learn the mechanics of the game better and better), you will earn skill points with each level up. There are a variety of skills to choose from, including getting better pay for different types of jobs (fragile cargo, urgent deliveries, ADR deliveries, valuable cargo), less consumption of fuel, or being able to deliver cargo across longer distances. Your employees also have skills, a feature that on its own opens lots of possibilities for company management. 
If the information here or on the store page doesn't quite answer all of your questions, I'll tell you that there is also a demo for this game available to download on Steam so you can try the game out. 

[h1][b]But is it accurate? (Driving mechanics)[/b][/h1]

Before I start explaining the mechanics of the game, please take note that I'm not a truck driver and have never driven a truck before, so excuse me if I don't have all of my facts straight. From my 90 hours of playing the game at the time of writing this review, I'd say that the driving in this game is absolutely beautiful. First of all, the complexity of the mechanics is fully customizable, so everyone from the newest player to the veteran trucker are able to enjoy the game. The driving is relaxing, be it day or night, rain or sun, highway or forest road, because it doesn't require that much focusing, but only as much as to not pass the speed limit, to avoid other people in traffic and to not come tumbling off the road. That gives you time to enjoy the wonderful scenes you'll pass by, which I'll be talking about in the next section. On-board the truck you have every switch you need, meaning headlights, wipers, the horns (air, regular, light), the handbrake, the toggle for high beams, for the beacon and the turning signals. It has everything you would want and need from a proper simulator of real life driving, so don't expect a truck racing game. The only thing that is a tiny bit more difficult is the parking, but there's also a solution for that. The parking is skippable in every delivery, while denying you a small amount of experience. But as you gather more knowledge and start learning what's what, parking should immediately become a breeze after a few hours of gameplay.
Also, going a little off-topic, you also have a radio. You can upload your own playlist of music into the game and listen to it while on the road. Genius. [b]Genius[/b], I say. 

[h1][b]That's all well and good, but how does it look? (Graphics)[/b][/h1]

Do not go into the game expecting it to look like it was made with Unreal Engine 32. The game came out a good amount of time ago (I'd even go as far as to call it a classic now, heh), and I can say it still looks decent to this day. The in-game world still is wonderful if you're willing to sit for a bit and think about how old the game is. Even if it doesn't have the latest graphics, ETS2 doesn't fail to impress, making up for raw graphical power in great world design. The landscapes in the game are beautiful, and the vehicle models still manage to look good and blend into the environment perfectly, giving the game a really special ambiance and relaxing potential. It is easy to get immersed into the massive world and if you're not careful you can lose hours driving your virtual truck around (as it happens to me quite often).
But if I were honest, the question here is how good you [b]can[/b] make it look. As I have said before, the game has such an active community, and modders are no exception. There are a variety of graphic mods to choose from both in the Steam Workshop and outside of it that do a wonderful job at enhancing your visual experience, making the game not only graphically impressing, but also making you want to get into the photo mode and snap some shots of your journey through ETS2's Europe. 

[h1][b]So...did you enjoy it? (My personal experience)[/b][/h1]

The short answer would be yes, absolutely. But the answer worthy of this review is that I just spent so many hours into this game, in which everything you basically do, if we were to dumb it down to an extreme level, is drive around and turn left or right at some points, and I can't even explain why exactly. ETS2 just has a mesmerizing atmosphere to it, making the game beautiful in its own way, and being one of the most relaxing games I have and will ever play. Other simulators can't even get near its level (except American Truck Simulator, made by the same developers and based on the same concept), because for me, ETS2 will always have that [i]je ne sais quois[/i], that *something* which always makes me come back to it and do yet another delivery, over and over again. In other words, everything about the game is enjoyable, from the relaxing driving to the sweet feeling of getting another truck or further customzing your current one, to the trance induced by the exquisite feeling of being alone with the road, and for that, Euro Truck Simulator 2 wil always and forever have a special place in my heart.

[h1][b]Conclusion[/b][/h1]

If you are looking for a relaxing driving experience with various customization options, a variety of trucks, perfect world design, mesmerizing atmosphere and most of all, a detailed company management gameplay component, then I am sure you will not regret buying this game. If you need further convincing, please do download the demo (which is available on Steam).
When I first saw it, I thought, "How could driving a truck around Europe be fun?"

Now, driving that beautiful truck around Europe is one of the things I look forward to doing everyday.
I did a review before, Back then i had 18 Hours playtime. Now i gained a lot more hours on it :D
Back then my Review was not very detailed and  since then [i]Euro Truck Simulator 2[/i] got updated constantly and has much more to offer by now, i decided to redo my review. So let's begin shall we? :3
(For those who don't want to read a book and expect a review in form of an IGN Joke - 10/10 would relax again)

[h1]The General Idea of the Game/Whats it about[/h1]
The easiest answer would obviously be "Driving Trucks" B-But wait! That's not all there is to know silly. This game is in all reality a "Relax and listen to a Podcast/Music while you drive Simulator". This game is about you, your truck and an open Europe to travel across. How you do it, what trucks you will drive, what cargo you will haul or the places you will see is all up to you. 

[h1]Gameplay[/h1]

[b]Game Start and Quick Jobs[/b]
The game starts you off as a hired driver. You have no money, no truck and only a rusty empty garage to work with. So what do you do? You work your butt off with "Quick Jobs" In these jobs you will get put inside a truck and just drive to the destination. In this starting phase of the game your goal should be to make as much Money as possible and of course to level up (More to the level system below). 

[b]Freight Market and your own Truck[/b]
After you are level 6 or 7, which is about 2 hours in the game, you finally have enough Money to buy your first truck!
(You could also take a bank loan and do it faster. This is where the game starts to become fun and somewhat addicting. There you sit. In your own little truck, in your rusty garage. What now? Now you can start making the big money. Instead of getting hired for an apple and a hug, you will now be paid directly by the Companies. All that freight money goes into your pocket. So you select a freight from the "Freight Market" Unlike "Quick Jobs" you will not just spawn in place. You have to physically drive to the loading spot. So don't choose something on the other side of the Country because you will have to drive there. This will be your life from now on. You pick a job, you drive to the loading dock, pick it up, and deliver it to the destination. Then you will get paid, and based on how you did you will get rated with XP to level up. 

[b]The Level System:[/b]
As mentioned many many times above. The game has a level system. You earn XP to spend in the following categories to unlock freight and boost income.

[table]
    [tr]
        [th]Skill[/th]
        [th]Description[/th]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]ADR[/td]
        [td]Lets you haul more dangerous cargo like gasoline or toxic stuff[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Long Distance[/td]
        [td]Lets you take on jobs with a longer distance which will be higher paid[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]High Value Cargo[/td]
        [td]Expensive equipment such as diggers and forklifts[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Fragile Cargo[/td]
        [td]Glass, Cars, Electronics and so on[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Just-in-time Delivery[/td]
        [td]Deliveries with a shorter but more rewarding deadline[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Ecodriving[/td]
        [td]Makes your trucks consume lesser fuel[/td]
    [/tr]
[/table]

In addition to your own skillset, your hired drivers will also level up in these. Which makes a level 30 driver far more productive than a rookie. Hired drivers brings us to the next aspect: Management 

[b]The Management Aspect[/b]
After you made some Money, leveled up, bought more trucks and upgraded + bought new garages. You should start hiring drivers on your own. They will deliver cargo for you, just like you do. You equip them with a truck and they will bring in money. At first very little, up to 1000€. But soon you will have lots of drivers, and the higher their level, the more money they will make you. In the late game you will have so much money that you don't know what to do with it. Which is one of my biggest concern about the game. Once you reach a certain point you will just never run out of money. You will have millions and millions. Which makes it so the late game is literally only about the driving aspect. Which is not a major problem for me, but it might be for you, so please keep that in mind.

[b]Tuning[/b]
As your level grows you will unlock more trucks and more parts for you to customize your truck with. You can even install mods that add more tuning parts. (Like you can install mods for basically everything in this game) You can also upgrade the trucks of your hired drivers, though that doesn't really do much since you won't see them on the road. :D

[h1]Graphics, Audio and Performance[/h1]

[b]Graphics[/b]
Don't expect Crysis. But the game looks beautiful enough in my opinion. The weather effects just got overhauled and I catch myself sitting there thinking "What an amazing View, lets take a Screenshot of that" far more often than in a lot of other Games. The Truck models look beautiful and they are all fully licensed. The Dashboards all are functional and you really feel the love SCS (the developer) has put into them. I had some odd Shadow bugs earlier on but it seems they have been fixed since then

[b]Audio[/b]
This is one of the strongest aspects of this game. To be fair, SCS improved quite a lot here as well, compared to when the game was first released. From the sound of rain dripping on your cabin, to the rumbling of a thunderstorm, the sounds are just beautiful. The trucks themselves sound amazing! And not just the engine sounds, also the little levers in the truck itself has sound, and it just helps to immerse you in this game so much. Only the beeping sound. when you reverse from inside the cabin is way too loud in my personal opinion. I have never used a sound Mod since playing this game. I know they exist, and of course I use them for modded trucks but i never used one that changes the original sounds, but i just never felt the need to do so.

[b]Performance[/b]
Now i have to say my PC is one of the weakest. I'm still using an old ATI HD4650 and a dual core processor, but I can get the game to a steady 30-35 FPS (20 in cities) on Medium Settings. If you use mods, especially big ones, such as the ProMods Map or the TSM Map, that number will obviously decrease, but I'm very happy with that aspect of the game.

[h1]Pros and Cons + Verdict[/h1]

[b]Pros[/b]
+ Fun and Relaxing Driving
+ Fully Licensed Trucks
+ Customization
+ Big and Active Modding Community incl. a MP Mod
+ Decent AI
+ Amazing Audio
+ Great Performance
+ Good Looking
+ Full Steering Wheel and Controller Support

[b]Cons[/b]
- Late Game far too Easy
- Managment Aspect not deep enough

[b]Verdict[/b]
Its one of my favorite driving games and the fact that I can only find 2 flaws with it makes me give it a strong 95%. If you are into trucks, or just want a relaxing open world driving game, get it.
Euro Truck Simulator 2 puts you in the shoes of a.................. truck driver. You start out as any regular bloke being a hired driver and delivering various things with a given truck.

After a few jobs you have the option to get a loan from the bank to buy your very own truck. This is where the game truly opens. With your own truck you can drive around anywhere in the map and explore it as you please. Jobs give a higher pay so you can profit something while also paying off your debt. After some jobs the bank will offer you another loan, so you can start your very own trucking company. You use that money to buy a few trucks and hire drivers to work for you. 

There is no objective in the game, you're free to do anything, but you could say the objective is to have the biggest trucking empire.

The game does a very good job at keeping you driving, if you don't pay off your debts, it's game over, but that's not all. You need more experience levels to be able to customize your truck to the max and also acquire better trucks. 

There many trucks in this game. Iveco, Scania, Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, MAN and Renault; all with different models and configurations. 

The world extends from Aberdeen to Budapest, but there are mods that expands the map even more, such as TSM, which will open up parts of Italy, France, Spain and Northern Africa. Or the Scandinavia Promod, it opens up Denmark, Sweden and Norway.

This game will probably never die all thanks to the modding community who make mods and the players who play them and the developers who never stop developing.
Never in a million years would I have thought that I would purchase a driving simulator. I gave this game a try and it is one of the best games I own. That "Overwhelmingly Positive" is no lie. SCS is one of the best developers out there. Just think of the trash developers littering Steam with their garbage. SCS is a developer that is constantly improving ETS2. Most importantly though, this game actually has utility for real life: if you treat it like the simulator it is, it can improve your driving, which is always a positive. Use your mirrors properly, stay in your lane, watch your speed, learn how to turn with a large vehicle, make you aware of your large blind-spots as a trucker would have to be, etc. The rest of the games you own and play are mostly just for fun and have no usefulness for the real world--in fact, they are, in all honestly, wasting your time. Not this game though. If it improves your awareness on the road, as it has mine, then it is worth more than all the other games on Steam. Give it a try. You will not be disappointed.
It's difficult to describe this game. I like it a lot. But if you watch someone play you might think it looks boring. It's a simulator that you have to play yourself to really get the feel of it. While it's certainly not action-packed, there is something enjoyable, and even relaxing, about this game.

[h1]Pros[/h1]
> Plenty of roads (and I mean PLENTY)
> Good graphics, especially the landscapes
> Very friendly community
> Runs great -- I have never had any technical issues running this simulator

[h1]Cons[/h1]
> none that I can think of...honestly


[h1]And please, no jokes about Asian or women drivers. I am a very safe driver with a perfect record.[/h1]   hehe
The ultimate in European ground logistics simulators. No other game out there comes even remotely close to matching the sheer enjoyment of driving around an extremely scaled-down version of Europe that this game provides. Ever wanted to listen to BBC Radio 4 for 6 hours at a time without getting bored? Fire it up and drive around Germany.

The mystical addictive nature of this game defies explanation. You cannot describe it, you can only experience it.
Quality of the game put all other simulation games to shame. Because of its realistic approach, Euro truck simulator 2 is a awesome simulator. Thanks to the Prism3D engine, the driving looks a lot better than before. Anyway EU2 is not for everyone but if you enjoyed trucking simulators than you've come to the right place!

Gameplay:
+ Lots of licensed trucks. - DAF, IVECO, MAN, RENAULT, SCANIA and VOLVO trucks officially licensed, Although there is a not officially licensed company. (Mercedes-Benz changed to Majestic)
+ A vast world to explore. -  Hours of gameplay for fans of truck simulators.
+ Customization. - Unlock a huge range of customization options, from cabin and engine to interiors and paint job.
+ Management. - Buy garages, recruit drivers and create your own company.
+ Built-in Music player. - listening your favorite musics or internet radio.
+ Awesome physics.

The atmosphere and graphics:
+ Excellent UI. - Simple, clear and readable fonts on wide range of screen sizes in any devices.
+ Stunning realistic world.
+ Realistic day-night cycle.
+ Quite nice landscapes.
+ Good texture quality.
+ Beautiful 3D graphics.
+ Incredible detailed trucks and interiors.
+ Good music and sound.

Performance:
+ Running pretty well and smooth on a mid-range PC.
+ Stable.
+ Almost bug free.

Additional:
+ Moddable.
- No steam cloud.
Looked away for a second to answer a text, wracked up about £2000 in car damage fines. 

This game has taught me the importance of not texting and driving.

10/10.
The Simulator you expect to never like but somehow fall in love with, Euro Truck Simulator 2 lets you experience the world of cargo haulage right at your PC and it does it very well for the most part. You start with nothing, just taking low paying jobs in the quick job menu but gradually you will expand your company until you have your very own fleet of trucks and truckers all across Europe.

+Great graphics, the trucks and trailers in particular are very high quality
+Large map made even larger by the Going East DLC and the Scandinavia expansion
+The system of building up your company works well and as you improve as a driver it becomes easier to improve your company
+It's a very relaxing game and is a perfect excuse to listen to music, podcasts or the radio
+You can play your music or a radio station through the game's menu
+Trucks have lots of customisation options
+Lots of different skills to improve to make yourself a better driver or to unlock new types of cargo
+The paint job packs are very high quality and in my opinion are worth their price (especially on sale)
+Plenty of great mods and it's very easy to install mods
+Controls are fully customisable
+Plenty of different cargo types, especially with the High Power pack and some of the skills you can unlock
+Several truck manufacturers with several truck designs each 
+Seat heights, lights used etc are all customisable
+Has a photo mode with lots of different options allowing you to take plenty of nice shots of your truck
+The devs run events which give you the opportunity to unlock exclusive content through the World of Trucks website
+It's easy to progress through the game without taking loans from the bank which is good for players who want to maximise their rewards in-game

+/-Pretty hard to play with a mouse and keyboard but this is more than made up for with the controller and wheel support, if you don't have a controller or a wheel you might find this significantly more challenging to play

-The AI can be pretty poor sometimes, AI vehicles almost always travel faster than the speed limit, trucks in particular have acceleration faster than makes sense, cars will sometimes accelerate into you while you are turning rather than stop
-Major cities do not resemble cities in anyway, they are very small and all cities have a similar layout (a repair shop, two distributors, somewhere to sleep and a garage)
-Major cities do not have gas/petrol stations so you have to rely on service stations on major highways for fuel 
-Doesn't have different seasons which seems odd considering they run seasonal events, such as the Winter Holiday event (seeing as you had to deliver presents it would seem logical to have snow)

Verdict:
8.5

Despite the game's flaws I find myself absolutely addicted to it and would recommend this to anyone, there's nothing quite like the open road especially when you're building a business empire.

El K.
[h1]Can't Drive 55[/h1]

I've had Euro Truck Sim 2 for awhile now, but I remember watching the game notifications pop up all the time when my friends were playing, back before I took the plunge and tried the game myself. I wondered what could be so fun about driving trucks... as opposed to racing games. When I finally got the game on sale I realized of course. 

1. Trucks will be driven. Yeah, definitely that. 
2. The Euro Map is incredibly fun to explore with several expansion countries.  
3. The paint jobs are cool to paint, and paint over, and repaint... so many designs. 
4.  Building your own trucks, upgrading to better parts, choosing models and makes... that.
5.  Hiring employees to make you money so you can ... paint more trucks for your own fleet of trucks you won't let anyone else drive. 
6. The engineering marvels, bridges, etc. around the maps. 
7. The AI drivers... you can shove them around and wreck in hilarious ways. Accidentally and/or on purpose. 

There's more, but I need to go repaint my truck. It's a great game though and I highly recommend it. And, I'm looking forward to the Beyond the Baltic expansion. But, there is a learning curve. Be prepared to wrap your truck around the highway guardrails many times as you are learning to drive a rig unless you are an ace game driver, unlike some of us who are prone to see the highway upside down every now and again.
===[ ❤ Audience: ]===
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players
☐ Hackers

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]===
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☐ Free

===[ ☣ Requirements: ]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium
☐ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Super Meat Boy

===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] ===
☑ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☑ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

Dissapointed we couldn't stop and get fast food at McDonalds or stuff and gain 300 pounds slowly over the next 10 years.
Otherwise, oddly relaxing and realistic.

9/10

P.S if you dont find inner peace while playing the game, you're playing it all wrong.
Nominated for the "We didn't think of everything" Steam Award 2016 for the category: Best Lifetime Support by a Developer.

I think SCS Software deserves this recognition for the continued support of this game ( and american truck sim) during its lifetime so far through patching, quality non-overprized dlc and the many news updates in their development process.
I havent written a review for this game because I've been too busy playing it. Just look at my playtime. the reason this game is so popular is because it simulates driving a truck really nicely, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of the few simulators that actually simulate well, this isnt any of the farming simulator nonsense.

Now lets actually start the review here.

The physics are great, the graphics still look good in 2018 even though the game came out in 2012. There really isnt any music in the sense of a soundtrack, but you can actually listen to your favorite radio stations while trucking down the highway using the nicely designed radio menu. you can save favorite stations and map buttons to changing the station and adjusting the volume without opening a single menu. 

The game is not amazingly well optimized, but it runs pretty good on a high-medium spec PC. I get a solid 60 FPS using a GTX 1080 and I7 6700 playing at 4000x1080 (dual monitors) at ultra settings

the gameplay is divided into 3 parts. part 1:be a company driver where you drive a truck you dont own. part 2: buy your own rig and start making more money. part 3: upgrade current garages or buy new ones, hire drivers and give them trucks so they make money for you. The game dosent really have a end game, you just drive a truck for hours and hours. The system for managing drivers isnt that detailed, but it allows you to micro manage your drivers and train them any way you like.

There is a leveling system in the game, you start at level 0 and can progress into an absurd amount of levels, I tested with cheat engine and there is atleast 1500 levels. each time you level up you unlock a skill point which you can put into skills like long distance, urgent delivery and ADR (stuff like gasoline and dynamite). at level 36 you have maxed out your character.

Now Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a cheap game that is amazing, but can it be even better you might ask? we get free updates for a game that is 6 years old, those are completly free and adds stuff like new trucks and trailers to reworks of the current map. But if you want the real good stuff, you gotta buy some DLC. there is ALOT of DLC for this game, but I recommend start out with getting all the map expansions, they are highly detailed and adds alot the the game. Map DLC's adds the area of scandinavia,Italy, France and mutch more. Then afterwards get some of the cargo DLC. This just adds new trailers for you to haul around, nothing more, but atleast its fun hauling a helicopter or a huge bulldozer. after you have gotten the map and cargo DLC's get some tuning DLC for the trucks. add everything from new tires to paintjobs. I own every single DLC for this game, and I can honestly say yes it is totally worth it.

Now you might think "I cant afford all this DLC, is there no sweet content for me? D:" well the game has steam workshop support that adds stuff that ranging from physics and graphics to make your truck retarder sound like spongebob (yes im actually serious about this) You can download all kinds of mods, and the game just handles it really well. at most I had about 120-130 active mods, and the game worked perfectly fne.

The game have support for steering wheels and other extra controllers. if your gonna spend alot of time in this game, get a steering wheel. The game just becomes so mutch easier with a wheel or controller.

Now this review has gotten long so lets do a summary. This game is amazing in pretty mutch every way. I have played for 1215 hours as I write this, and I could easily double that during 2019. This game is not the game you want if you want to kill zombies or drive a car at 200 MPH, but if you want a fun, relaxing game to have a good time with you should get it. 

ETS2 has been on the trending list for simulators on steam for years, and I know why. the reason is this game isn't a 10/10. it deserves more. its more of a 15/10. Just buy it. its amazing.
I, I have never had this much fun in months. 
I got this game today and i just HAD to write a review.
Day 1- Mom said go find a job.
Found an AD for a truck driver job.
Called got the Job. Got paid 3,000 euros the first day.

Day 2- Woke up thinking "why should i get paid half and work using a company's truck".
Went to work as usual and got paid 3,000. Commited lots of driving law infringements. Ended up getting a call from the bank that i am in debt and that i have negative funds in my accounts. (They were nice enough to give me funds to sort things out).

Day 3- Said "Screw it, i'm buying my own truck"
Went to the bank, got a 100,000 Euros loan (Thanks Merkel) and bought a volvo (Should change license plate to Diretide soon).
Now i make 8,000 euros a day. I still sleep inside a truck tho (Don't worry it's warm).

What's next? Well i will probably save 180,000 euros to buy a garage and hire some employees and hit the road daily as usual. Life on the road never ends. 

Thank for everyone at SCS Software who worked on this. 
10/10 Game totally recommended!
Lots of fun for a driving sim.  You start off with nothing and must take contract jobs to earn enough money to buy your first truck, then a garage, then build a fleet, and finally, dominate the trucking industry!

There's a lot to see (it is a driving sim after all) with a variety of items available to upgrade and customize your vehicles.

Although released in 2012, the developers are very active and constantly release updates, new maps and items to customise your trucks.

In short:
Lots of roads with great visuals
Variety of loads to haul
Great customization so your truck never feels stale
Listen to Internet radio stations or play our own music
Remap keys and adjust realism settings to your liking
New content released frequently (paid and free)
Great mod support community

The downsides:
The traffic AI could be improved as they can do the stupidest things, but that could be considered realism too ;-)
I personally do not care for driving games. I do not own driving games. They bore me, I am more into FPS games and a very few simulation games, only if they crossed into work I use to do for real. And this feild of work, happends to be one of them..

I am impressed on the work that was done by SCS. And expected more child play and less detail of how the game would function. But to my suprise, they really put this togeather. There is no slop work at all or child like functions. You can almost feel your in a real truck. From the physics in the game to how the tractor and trailer respond and handle. It was not what I expected. I was expecting something more like, "the wheels of the truck go round and round" type of game. And ETS2 is NOT that kind of game.

This game has a large fan base. And many DLCs. SCS tries to stay on top of errors and bugs to get them resolve. I personaly found one in the game and once I brought it to their attention, it was fixed. This alone speaks volumes to me.

It is a Single player game. The basics is, you run a trucking company in Europe, and you make money by delivering loads to their locations. And can increase the size of your company by buying more truck shops and getting employees to drive for you. As you level up, you will be able to increase your abilities for what kind of loads and how far to go with them. You can also customize the truck and trailers. Yeah I said trailers, you will be able to buy your own trailers to use. And if you get them for other shops, the AIs willl also choose to use them or not.

How ever one tip I wish to point out that I noticed, when you are lost in upgrading your own truck, do not forget to also upgrade your trucks that the AIs use, when they are upgraded, they tend to work better bringing in more money.

So if you love Semi-Trucks, and the ability to run your own buisness for what ever the reason is, this maybe the ideal game for you. I recommended...
Day 1: 
Wanted to free roam in Europe with a car (neither of them is possible in base game). Found a single mod for no costs (didn't work) and driveable cars (didn't work).  New goal: make quick jobs to get enough money for a truck to free roam.

Day 2:
Stuck. Create new profile. Lost all money on collisions and speeding fines. Create new profile. Cargo destroyed. Rage quit. Create new profile.

Day 3:
Managed from Budapest to Banská Bystrica and received 1100 Euros (rest went away on fines). Happiest day of my life. Was so excited, I stuck in a roundabout on the next delivery.

Day 6:
Saw a truck overtaking on the motorway (real life) with  1 km/h speed difference upwards on a hill. For the first time, I'm not getting annoyed, instead I wish that the driver delivers on time.

Day 8:
Discovered already eastern Europe and Scandinavia entirely and crossed the English Channel. Have finally money for a truck to free roam. Instead take a loan, expand the garage and give two new trucks to freshly hired drivers. Sticking to quick jobs.

Day 9: 
My two noob drivers are already producing some profit. We will dominate the european transportation and crush the opposition (with trucks of course).

(to be continued after 100 gameplay hours)
I actually bought this game firsthand just for the funny reviews here.

But overall, I am hooked.

There's a certain charm to this game that I just can't figure out.

Be it the relaxing atmosphere, the way you handle your trucking business.
Or the radio stations, man they are diverse.

I can just drive endlessly into that virtual sunset.



As my "lifelong gamer" status slowly but surely gives way to "old jaded gamer," I find myself being drawn more and more towards experiences like Euro Truck Simulator 2.  No hack writing, no anime designs, no tired quests to save the world, no twitchy gameplay, no cutscenes to pull me out of what little immersion I can still muster.  Just me, my machine and a sprawling network of European highways rendered in careful, beautiful detail.  If I don't feel like growing my business, I can simply cruise from country to country, taking in the varied and striking scenery.  I can even select from a number of internet radio stations covering several genres of music if the roar of my Scania grows tiresome.

You needn't be a truck enthusiast to enjoy this game.  I couldn't tell you who half the manufacturers are or where they come from.  But when you're pulling a pair of trailers through a mountain pass on a stormy night and nailing every treacherous turn like you were made for it, none of that actually matters.  This is a game you play to unwind and relax after a long day, regardless of where your gaming interests typically lie.

There is a lot of DLC to consider, much of it cosmetic in nature.  There have also been four (soon to be five) major map expansions adding entire new countries, industries, cities and objectives to an already ambitious base game.  I highly recommend you eventually purchase these, as you get a lot of content for the price and it very much enriches the experience.  Like many, I'm wary of being nickel and dimed to death after buying what I expect to be a complete game, but you really do get some good stuff for a comparative pittance.  Wait for a seasonal sale and the entire thing can be had for less than a so-called AAA release.

I really can't say enough nice things about this one.  Nobody is more surprised by that than I am!
A game that's incredibly fun for reasons I can't understand. It can be pretty soothing to drive hundreds of kilometers while towing a giant box of tomatoes, diggers, explosives, and anything between.

And remember, all roads lead to ausfahrt.
Absolutely love this game.

The level of detail is amazing and I love going to cities that I've been to in real life and spotting all the similarities! The countryside and motorway driving is super relaxing, especially with the radio and cruise control on :)
The added expansions are great, giving a lot more map to discover and find work, although currently I only own and have played the Scandinavia and Going East ones. Can't wait to get the Italia expansion and explore beautiful Italy some more.

There's lots of ways to customise your vehicle and really make it unique to you, plus some great features like the sleep mechanic, i.e having to calculate how much driving time you'll have left if you take a quick nap because your eyes are closing repeatedly, or making sure you have enough fuel to complete the job, or just get to the next fuel station. It's all good!
I usually end up taking out the biggest loan I can, buying my own truck and plunging my company into debt, but I still have fun!

I racked up a lot of hours on this game outside of steam, back when I still used to buy physical copies of games and it's one of my favourite games that I keep going back to when I want to chill and just enjoy some stress free gaming- plus it reminds me of going trucking with my dad when I was a child.
Quick heads up before I begin: Often times in the review, I will have people who have never played simulators (especially of this type) before in mind. To those of you who already play simulators, some of what I say might seem obvious. I apologise for that in advance. Also, feel free to skip some of the later sections. I really get into the nitty-gritty and made sure to put a lot of detail in this review to help readers decide.

So, Euro Truck Simulator 2: it's exactly what it says on the tin. This game is driving, driving, driving, and...more driving. There are also some other minor nuances within the game, which I'll address later. "So, driving? That's pretty much all the game offers?" you might ask. Yes, for the most part. This might sound boring, especially to people who like games that are fast-paced or offer a lot of action. This is completely understandable, and this was my initial thought on the game as well. I decided to pick it up on a whim during Steam's summer sale of 2017.

Something about this game drew me in, though. Suddenly a few minutes turned into a few hours. I fell in love rather quickly. I was astonished, I had no idea how I could like a game that was just driving. After some time, I think I understand why I like it so much. This game is surprisingly therapeutic. After a long or stressful day, this is the perfect game to turn to for a couple of peaceful hours. Nothing but you and the road. Hell, if you've been having a bad time in [i]other[/i] games this also a good one to cool off in as well.

Now that I've spoken about my personal experiences with it, let's talk about the game on an objective level. As I previously mentioned, this game is mostly driving. You drive European semi-trailer trucks and are tasked with delivering a variety of cargo from Point A to Point B. There are a number of European countries to drive through, including the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and many more. You start off with no truck, and instead must work as a driver for hire. You can get loans from the bank fairly early on if you like, or you can save up money until you have enough to buy the truck on your own. This is a game that lets you play at your own pace. 

Once you have purchased a truck of your own, you can start hauling trailers with the custom-built truck of your choosing.
This brings me to the customisation; which is superb. There are 7 truck manufacturers and 13 models in total, and all of these can be tuned extensively to fit your personal tastes. These are all officially licensed as well, which means they're replicas of real-life trucks made by real-life manufacturers.  DAF, IVECO, MAN, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania, and Volvo are all featured.

Onto the trucks themselves, and how they work. Appropriately, the trucks themselves are as sophisticated as you would expect. They have all the real-life functionalities in the game. You manually control the windshield wipers, both the left and right turn indicators, lights, as well as a retarder (if your truck's engine is equipped with it) and differential locking. You also have the ability to choose the transmission you would like to play with, and can change it at any time. It covers just about every transmission, from simple automatic to fully manual. This is exactly what a simulator should do of course, but it's worth noting that the game gets it right.

Beyond this, the game has a few interesting nuances. Most notably, there's some underlying RPG elements. You get to name your driver and your company. There are levels, and XP is rewarded upon completion of a job. Each time you level up, you will get a point to place into different skill trees that unlock new cargo to deliver. Hazardous, explosive, and corrosive materials. Fragile cargo such as glass and computer electronics. These are just a few. There are also long-distance deliveries and short time frame deliveries.

Interestingly, there's also a bite-sized business management element. You have the option of buying multiple garages to house more trucks, which you can then hire other drivers to use. The drivers will bring you a profit, and you'll slowly earn more and more as you build your trucking empire. This is, also for the most part, very hard to fail at. 99% of the time your drivers will turn a profit for you. It's also entirely optional, if you wish to abstain from doing this.

I should also talk about the DLC briefly. There are a lot of truck-tuning related DLCs, which are mostly up to you if you want to buy or not. They're all cosmetic, and in my opinion fairly priced. However, they're probably better off buying during a sale. Then there are the DLCs that have a real impact in the game. There are 2 DLCs which add new countries to the game, and 1 that expands on the huge country of France. I highly recommend these, as they add a lot of hours of gameplay and new places to see, as well as new types of jobs. They are a little bit more pricey, but they add a lot of content in the game. My advice would be to play the game for a while, and if you decide you like it then buy the DLC. You'll get a lot more mileage out of the game that way.

All in all, I would highly recommend this to anyone who already likes simulators, and even to those who don't. It's a relaxing, and frustration-free experience. It might just be the change of pace you're looking for. This game is extremely polished and the developers still deliver updates to this day!
This is not goat simulator, or grass simulator, or bread simulator, or another "stupid" simulator. This is truck simulator, so your job is driving a truck, delivering stuff across Europe. So far as a casual gamer, I didn't find it hard to drive these trucks. Though the AI can be ridiculuos stupid.

So.. you started to get a job, using company's truck. Get some money to buy your own truck so you can start building your own empire.. ehh I mean company. And then buy a garage. Buy trucks and hire drivers. Buy garages in every town. Upgrade your garages. Manage your trucks, your drivers and your garages because you're the boss.

Also, I love how the developer works on this game. Not like *ahem* unity stuff.

You will feel bored 'cause of it's repetitiveness. But sometimes, you will back to drive your trucks again. And then bored, and then drive it again, and feel bored again. And again. Overall, 9/10. Recommended for fans of driving games. Sorry for bad english, **** my grammar <3
For every type of person there's the one game out there that really fits for him. This game however appeals to various sorts of players, I'd reckon. If you like trucks for instance, you'll probably really like this game. Unless maybe you're one of those nitpicky types that gets very angry over small details that differ slightly from reality but leave you unable to enjoy a game like this. I on the other hand belong to the group of people that like to zone out listening to your favourite music from the early 2000s doing something repetitive and very irrelevant. And this game really is perfect for that. Admittedly it comes without the music but you can somehow bring it in the game via a fancy radio feature or just leave your music-player open in the background. Soon you'll find yourself on the road letting your mind wander – I can absolutely recommend this game!


On a slightly different note writing a game review for a virtual internet badge should really make one reconsiders one's life priorities.
I mainly play Euro Truck Simulator when I've got nothing to do. Just throw in some of your own music and drive. It's got graphics that have aged pretty well and realistic sounds, but if they don't satisfy you, the community has it backed up with graphics mods and sound mods all of which can be downloaded off of the workshop. 

The multiplayer mod, which I assume anyone who got this game has installed, does make you feel less lonely since you do have actual people driving around, but it does result in massive traffic jams. 

Still, I do recommend this game as a time passer.
Whenever I feel bored or sad, I just hit up ETS2, get a job with like 2000km distance, tune to 80's hotmix radio(or put on some superior eurobeat) and play for the rest of the afternoon. Never expected it to be so enjoyable to be honest, but it's great at taking stuff off my mind. It's also very comfy to drive on a rainy night with nobody else on the road, and just cruising with high beams. Also the multiplayer's pretty good, though it nearly killed my save so I'm taking a break from it.
ETS2 is a perfect game when you just want to chill out. Most people just joke about this game without actually trying it, which is really bad. Try the demo on http://eurotrucksimulator2.com/download.php and see for yourself beautiful environments, the best driving controls ever, and a deep experience ETS2 provides.

ALSO OH MY GOD I'M WORKING HERE NOW
Really don't know what is it with this game. I don't play simulators and don't like driving games, but something about how peaceful everything feels makes play this game at night. Like, I can be driving and lose myself in my own thoughts.

I've been playing for a while and have discovered about 20% of the maps I own. SCS keeps releasing maps for this game after 6 years and will probably continue doing so, which I will continue buying and playing.

The game also has lots and lots of mods, people that continue updating their mods after all this time are heroes. You can improve the graphics, ambience, sounds, trucks, physics, you name it. Not that is necessary, but it's a big plus.
A [b]LOT[/b] more fun than it should be.

1. Find Job 2. Gather trailer 3. Deliver trailer - Get paid... "i guess that can be fun...?"

Maybe it's the idea of creating and expanding a business. Maybe it's that wierd infatuation people have with locomotives . Maybe it's just a cool job that works perfect for an easy going simulator.

It's just good fun. Jump in and out, no hassle. Simple and relaxing.

Your only objective is to create a successful business and ultimately: earn money. Money buys accesssories and upgrades for your trucks, along with recruiting drivers and buying garages. Naturally your truck is the whole game, so customizing and improving it is your primary motivation. Working towards unlocks is a major incentive to keep you engaged.  

There is a also a huge community with tons of fantastic mods to try out. They're easy to use and the content is full of good work. There are enough mods to improve upon nearly every aspect of the game. 
There are a lot of sites with a [u]lot[/u] of re-uploads and out-of-date crap, so It took me a while to sift through to find the ones i wanted. But it was totally worth it, I have an awesome menagerie of mods.

Its an otherwise pretty dull scenario for a game, there isnt a whole lot more underneath than what's delivered at face value. 
There isnt anything truly unique or special about it. A European truck driving simulator, you shouldnt think much of it...

[u]But even if you have a remote interest, it might be enough to get some real enjoyment out of this.[/u]
You know, it honestly feels like a joke at first. There’s thousands of games out there – some offer compelling storylines, others offer non-stop thrills, and pretty much all of them let us escape the dull monotony and grind of daily life... And then there’s Euro Truck Simulator 2. Which, unsurprisingly, is a simulation game where you drive trucks around a crude rendition of Europe. Okaaaay. 

To emphasise the absurdity of things, you only need to look at the basic gameplay loop that’s taking place here; you pick a job from a list of options in your area. You go and hitch up your cargo. Then you slowly trundle towards your destination, taking into account every road law and speed limit, and spending the great majority of your time on vast highways and never-ending strips of asphalt. After dragging yourself to your destination for 20 to 30 real-time minutes, you drop off the cargo – and do the whole thing again.

Suffice to say, then, that this isn’t for everyone; there’s a good chance a few of you have fell asleep merely reading the last paragraph. If you do actually get to the point where you boot up the game for the first time, it even does a lot to try and immediately frighten you off... You’re instantly met with a plethora of menus that are incredibly overwhelming, allowing you to do everything from create a profile to adjusting your X-axis sensitivity for... Well, something. The tutorial then doesn’t help matters, basically stemming down to telling you “Just drive the truck”, and then buggering off and leaving you to work out how exactly you do that in the first place. 

Yet give it a chance to get things rolling and – amazingly and most crucially – it really works. There’s a bunch of reasons why this is the case, that go way beyond the primal satisfaction that comes with driving a hulking great big rig. For one, there’s an incredibly calming sense of slow progression constantly burning away in the background, with the sat-nav in the corner of your screen always slowly ticking down the miles left towards your destination. It’s surprisingly satisfying to watch the numbers keep dropping, and finally whittling a distance that seemed impossible to begin with down to nothing. 

Secondly, there's the option to turn on your own music while driving, or even tune in to actual radio stations across Europe. Set one of these up and hit the perfect moment, where the right song comes on as you watch the sun slowly rise and peep through the trees, and it all just feels… Right. Heck, take my word for it when I say that having AC/DC’s “Highway to Hell” blasting out your speakers as you’re racing down the road at max speed is something that’s hard to beat. If you’re daring, you can even pop a video or TV show up in another window and zone out... But just like real life, the chances of you suddenly finding yourself wrapped round the nearest streetlight rapidly increase if you do this. Still, it’s fun to try. In the game, that is. 

There’s also a healthy degree of strategy mixed in as well. Your truck needs fuel and your driver needs rest, and managing the two becomes a delicate balancing act of effective time management, where you are constantly checking out your route and seeing how far you can push yourself before you literally fall asleep at the wheel. While it takes way too long if you’re not wishing to put yourself in a position of extreme bank debt (so much so it actually gets a little frustrating), you can even make enough money to hire other truckers to your cause. Suddenly you’re busy plotting out an empire, trucks roaming across all of Europe, and your hard work being rewarded with a skyrocketing bank account. You can even make the core game more complicated, if you’re that way inclined. An automatic gearbox might be the obvious choice, but there’s nothing stopping you from having to switch through all the gears manually, or even hooking a wheel up and going totally crazy. The choice, as they say, is yours.

It’s also worth pointing out all the mods that are available to enhance or change things up – from the big changes to the little tweaks, there’s a lot you can bolt on to the base experience. Whether it be branding the sides of trucks with famous logos, or subtly changing the map and the way your truck handles, there’s a lot you can tinker about with if things are starting to feel a little dry. Special shout out to the mod that lets you personalise the inside of your truck – because there’s something irresistible about decking out your cabin with a giant BB-8 and a bunch of other nerdy bits and bobs that fill up every empty space. While not offered in the game or mods themselves (and I can't say I tried this myself), there’s also means out there to take things online, hitting the road with truckers all over the world. Chances are you’ll end up in a traffic jam trying to get a ferry to somewhere, but hey, whatever floats your boat. 

In the end, whatever you choose to do and however seriously you take what’s on offer, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is perhaps the definite chilled out experience; with everything always just coming back down to you and the open road. It’s the perfect game to unwind after a stressful day, where the challenge or intensity of most other games simply doesn't appeal, and that's what makes it something so much more than something to laugh at.
In the real life :
I took 2 hours a day driving to my office, get payment every month... and I'm going mad

In ETS2 :
I delivered tomatoes and took 16 hours in the road, hitting a lot of cars, paying fare for my speed, and get minus payment because i need to pay for my failure machine .... I'm Happy


10/10
Would like to sleep in the gas station again

ETS2 = Worth every penny:)
Day 1:

Thought that tracking is boring? Check.
Skipped this game through all the sales? Check.
Finally, got bored to death bought all the DLCs on sale? Check.

Day 2:

Downloaded the best mods for the game. Check.
Launched the game and played for 4 hours straight? Check.

Day 3:

Rode to Goteborg to buy my new Volvo, while listening to stupid country music and drinking a beer? Check.
Realized it's almost 4AM and its time to go to the bed? Check.

Day 4:
Got myself a Volvo and spent 3hours decorating the cabin and choosing paintjobs and rims? Check.
Considering myself an e-trucker now and thinking about doing this IRL? Check.

10/10, you're not buying a game. You're buying an experience.
At I laughed, I mocked the virtual truckers. I mean, who wants to sit around and drive a virtual truck? [spoiler]me[/spoiler]
Now however, I laugh, and mock those who [i]don't[/i] sit around and drive a virtual truck. Get it, and be sucked into a never ending obsession of delivering cargo all over Europe.
[h1] Euro Truck Simulator 2 Review! [/h1]

[i]Well where to Start with this game![/i]

I've played this game since day one, even before it hit the steam release with over 1000 hours. The game itself unmodded provides great entertainment if you enjoy to just relax at your computer and just drive. If you're wanting a great simulation aspect, this game can deliver on many levels and provide simulation like the real thing!

Speaking of modding, this game provides a massive range of modding features to improve and drastically extend your gameplay, I personally play a modded game most of the time, as I've expereince most of the game and what it offers in the unmodded version, but to this day mods still make the game very fresh and new to play!

Overall I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys driving games, with a very open aspect to modding. The graphics are beautiful and are very eye appealing, but another good thing is that the specs aren't too high to play the game!

I bought this game for like 2 euros, and omfg, this game is fascinating!! imo this is the best simulator game! you can easily relax after school or work, just drivin' the truck, while listening some good music!
I would recommend this game even for 20 euros!
Playing this game since summer 2014 .
And still loving it everyday  !!!

SCS keeps the game up to date and makes it everytime very nice with new stuf,like new roads,trucks ...

And lets not forget,it is a great game because you can custimice almost everything.....from trucks,paintjobs to
own maps,AI ......

If you love simulation games and trucks....
this is definitely a game for you !!!!!!
At first i had no interest in trucks, but i was interested in driving/racing, and by seeing how well this was going on steam charts (was more played than rust at the time), paired with it being on sale for £3, Its really suprised me.

I bought it and started off not really having a clue about how the game would work, or how it would be, but I found it actually very chill to play and slightly relaxing. The journeys are interesting when you see the roads for the first time, and I am far from driving them all as now i have 125hrs, and have driven just under 60% of the roads. The addition of real radios in the game has been really interesting aswell and adds to the realism of the game. Being able to drive home from work listening to Radio 1 and then half an hour later be driving a 55 ton crane around Poland, while listening to the same presenter as earlier is very nice.

I initially played it loads, was the most hours ive ever played in the shortest amount of time, racking up 86 hours in just under 9 days. The DLC's were still on sale, so i bought all map extensions, as well as a few customisation ones. The map extensions are definatley worth it, and the tease of the Italy extension this year is very interesting. 

I would get this game if you have any interest in simulation driving, or fancy a change from racing.
Sometime I get tired of games
Sometime I get tired of works and duties
Sometime I get tired of life

Then I will play ETS2. Turn on the radio and drive all over Euro. It feels like the real world was left bebind. I can't find such relaxation in other games.

If you want a true relaxing game. Buy it.

10/10
A couple of weeks ago I realised this was now my most-played game, surpassing even my lifetime record in Skyrim. When I told my girlfriend this, in full expectation of a fully justified mocking, she simply smiled and shook her head fondly, like I was merely a lovable geek with an inexplicable truck fixation. It was at this moment I knew it was love.

A very zen game for anyone stressed out by a bad day and needing to unwind without being shot at. Apparently I've had a lot more of those days than I thought.
For some reason, my review got 'deleted' even though I could still read the comments, and it was marked 'not recommended' instead of 'recommended.' No idea what happened there, so this is my 'second' review.

Naturally, I do highly recommend this game. It's the best 'driving' (you don't race in it) game I've ever played. Initially I was turned off by this game because of the whole 'truck' thing. I love the idea of travelling hundreds of miles on an open-ended map, but I don't care much for trucks. I'd rather drive a car. That said, I tried out the demo (hey, I've got nothing to lose) and got hooked immediately. 

While still not a totally realistic simulation of a truck driver, I learned that driving a truck is nothing at all like driving a car but I had gotten used to it quickly (gotta go wide when turning). 

The best part of the game is when you're actually out on the road. With your own MP3s playing (or one of the many radio streams you can turn on), and miles of open road in front of you, ETS 2 is the ultimate game to unwind. If you're all stressed out (from work, etc), play this game. There's no aliens to kill, or kittens to run over. It's just you chilling out in  your truck (with your cargo if you have a delivery) while singing Animaniacs songs (no really, that's one of the music I listen to while on the road) off key.

Rain effects are really good, although there's no other types of weather. The maps aren't exact representations but they are perfectly balanced enough so that those long jobs (say from Warsaw to Aberdeen) don't feel that long.

Cities aren't that interesting, but you rarely spend much time in any anyway, as you're mostly on the road. Going East (the DLC) adds much improved cities though,

Some of the roads are questionable, and there's no penalty for delivering cargo earlier than the scheduled time, which are some of the little flaws in an otherwise excellent package. 

Form your own truck company, buy trucks and hire drivers to drive those trucks. Expand by buying garages for your company. Take deliveries and earn experience and money, or simply drive around in free roam and let your drivers do all the work.

Ignore all the people who scoff at this game. I haven't heard of anyone in forums, etc, who, after playing the demo, -didn't- buy it afterwards. It's engrossing and the relaxation factor is high. SCS Software has been making truck driving games for years, so they sure know what they're doing. ETS 2 is the best of them all.

P.S. American Truck Simulator is in the works. If it's anything like ETS 2, it will be yet another excellent game.
Its one of those games that I've overlooked many, many times and then one night I pulled the trigger and purchased it, its great fun blazing one up and going on long runs in an open road.

If you like driving games and want to relax at the same time, pick this up right away!
One of the most relaxing games I've played in a long time. If you love just cruising down from Southampton to Scotland, this is the game for you.
-------
Pros:
-------
+Very nice controls, even playing with keyboard is nice.
+Lots of customization (with the odd few mods, e.g. SiSL)
+Not very unforgiving with failure
+Further on into the game it turns into a business and you expand
-------
Cons:
-------
-A bit repetitive if you're going through the same area
-A LOT of the game is locked behind DLC e.g. 'Going East' and 'Vive la France' needed to be included originally
-NPCs are sometimes a little buggy, on their red light they will move

Overall, this game is very good, I like strolling through different countries however I feel like I will run out of places to explore so I am buying 'Going East!' this very moment.
I had seen my friend Alex play this game and thought: driving a truck in Europe would be very boring. I was very wrong! 

After I saw you could get a mod of Optimus Prime and his trailer, I had to play this game and a friend Alex gave it to me. I wanted to give the game a shot and it turned out to be a lot more fun than first anticipated. Maybe because one of my favourite series is Ice Road Truckers or because I like big machines.

If you want the game to be more realistic try play it with 3D turned on and you will never go back! 
It makes a huge difference and the 3D works very well. The game is best played with Nvidia's 3D Vision technology.

Unfortunately in three real time hours I managed to get four tickets for driving through a red light and no less than four speeding tickets for driving too fast with my truck. He, he, oops! :P

I really like the way you can tune your truck to look even better and make it more powerful.
And not to mention all the mods you can download. I have gotten a lot more respect for the European trucks and I have a lot Scania trucks besides my Peterbilt truck.

There is one thing I hate about the game: The piece of crap music in the menu. It sounds really terrible and dull. Some of friends hates the music too o0
The AI is not too intelligent either. 
For example I get fined for another stupid AI card brushing my truck! 
The brand Iveco gets me angry for some strange reason and I hate it.

Try playing this game with Logitech G27 set and it gets a lot more realistic. 
To top it off, add two additional 3D monitors and you will get an ultimate experience. I haven't played it with three monitors though, but I can imagine how cool it will be.
Playing with the mouse and keyboard is challenging and can be a real pain. 

One day when I have enough money I'm going to have a driving license, not only for cars and motorcycles, but also for busses and trucks. 

Before I began to like Transformers alot I thought rather negatively about trucks about how slow they were etc. 
But this game has changed my opinon of trucks and I love to tune my trucks in game, especially by slabbing on some big air horns and a lot of lights, lol. Not to mention a huge roaring and rumbling monstrous engine. <3
Tuning a car has never been me and I have tried it in several games, but it doesn't interest me since I hate those cars irl :S

Even though I only had a little interest in trucks, now it has affected me a lot and you should try the demo. Give it a shot and I can definitely recommend this game :D
I really have changed the way I look at trucks now and I really respects them now.

After a couple of years this game has turned me into a real life truck driver with a complete ADR driver training certificate and a truck education in the back! I love driving trucks for real.

Keep on trucking! (honk, honk!)
A (generally) relaxing grind game.  If you like clear set objectives and earning your way to bigger and better things, you'll very likely enjoy this game.

My company is big enough now that I can just cruise around and see the sights while my employees earn the big euros for me.  I find it really pleasant to listen to the radio while driving to a place on the map that I've never been to before.  I also REALLY appreciate that the development team constantly adds little tweaks and improvements - for example finally being able to set my own destination on the GPS.

One minor, but annoying aspect is the limited number of drivers you can hire.  I know, there are many, many drivers to hire and it may seems pointless to offer any more... But, I've hired every single available driver and there are still lots of cities where I haven't built garages yet.  Point being, I want to hire more drivers, but can't.   Apparently I have single-handedly reduced unemployment for a whole section of Europe.
So after spending over 400h in this game (and many more in the demo and before i activated it on steam) I think I should write a review.

[h1]First off short answer: Yes, I definitely recommend it![/h1]

The thing that should be addressed first is probably the developers: You're doing amazing work! Six years after the game came out there are still regular update and DLC and for example with the Germany rework you can definitely see that they have improved. Things like the trailer ownership also added "replayablity"

The game might seem like it get's boring after a while, but with the above mentioned regular updates, mod support (defiantly give TMP a shot) and amazing community (like VTC's for example) there's always something new to try

Also you can choose how hard and/or immersive the game is. For example, you could go all out and spend additional money on a wheel, eye tracker, shifter, etc. , but you can also just play with mouse and keyboard. (Ran it with everything from keyboard over a X-BOX 360 controller to a G29. Had no problems with anything) You can have your mirrors and navigation as HUD elements, but you can also look around yourself and follow the road signs

In conclusion: I really don't have anything negative to say about this. Defiantly give it a try!
I love driving but i have yet to receive my driving licence, too lazy to apply for one. With this game, i can at least have some driving experience and have fun at the same time. Wonderful game overall, never get tired of driving around, a cup of tea and this game would be perfect for me to past time. Takes quite awhile to master but still fun while you learn to drive. I only wish i could wash the truck and buy food in the game... :)
So where do we start. Gameplay is is simple and fun, doesnt require much skill to get into. Graphics are good enough for me, the game has beautiful sceneries. The vanilla game is OK, but where the game really shines is with mods, a lot of them. There is a multiplayer mod for ETS2, which is ok. Has its faults but can be good with friends. But SP is just so good always. With rigid mods, its really fun and easy. 

Base Game: 6/10
Multiplayer mod: 7/10
Modded Singleplayer: 10/10
ME: listen to Allen Walker Faded while driving
Me: eyes start to fade and get sleepy
me: doze off in my chair while playing the game
mE: open my eyes and i've crashed on the side of the road

10/10 Awesome relaxing game.
The game concept is boring but it really works - the lack of boundaries to what you can do in the game makes it satisfying to play however you want to play it. Performance is also great, allowing even low end computers to play with decent graphics levels. Overall definitely recommend, especially as on paper it is a game that doesn't interest me in the slightest, but manages to keep me entertained through great game mechanics.
Fun for hours on end, especially when combined with TruckersMP. Fairly priced DLC and constant updates are being provided that help with the improvement and progression of the title. Very good.
Its a great game, but sadly doesn't have a dedicated multiplayer. I know there is a multiplayer mod, but ETS2MP is run by ignorant, jumped up little admin abusers on power trips.  If SCS made a ETS3 or provided a multiplayer DLC option for users to host their own servers to play with friends and AI, this would make this one of the best games on the internet. Sadly, this game severely lacks a long range of new trucks which should be part of the main game. It also lacks real physics and real roads with random bumps, hills, and more intriguing roads, narrow tight and difficult roads to turn trucks on are totally missing throughout the map .
2369 hours so far. And this is only after I bought it via steam, not including the countless hours before that. This is my go-to relaxation tool after a heavy day in the office. The base game is already quite large - grab yourself ProMods and you got most of Europe to rumble through. The game has extremely wide modding community  - you want to drive a bus? Here is a bus. You want to drive a car - here is a car. Not happy with the default traffic - here is hundreds of new traffic models. You want realistic economy and real gas prices? There are mods for that as well. Realistic day/night cycle? Sure! (though it is quite depressing during the winter). You don't like the original graphics? There is mod for that as well. You can even put SweetFX on top of that. The physics was improved quite a lot lately (thank you SCS! ), and you can change some things on-the-fly. Did I mention that I can see the building that I live in inside the game? 
Anyways, just go buy the game - I need  to go finish my delivery from Sicily to Sweden. With the new MAN.
This is the best simulator game for those who like trucks coz there's a lot of trucks including mods as well as customizable trailers and the level of gameplay is increasing with every update new maps and dlc's I personally had a lot of fun with the game and would definitely recommend it to anyone who like simulator games one more thing I had to confess that the game does not have a build in multiplayer but that didn't stop me from getting it from a very active moding community...cheers 😁
Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game I wish I found earlier. It's premise is well, driving across Europe in a truck delivering cargo. But, there is something about this game that makes it addictive and special. Maybe it's the concept of just driving peacefully in a truck looking at beautiful scenery, maybe it's just chilling with the radio. Maybe it's the idea of discovering places you've never been, or it could be all 3. It just is a nice relaxing but hard, boring but fun good game. The price is worth it, and the map DLC's are too. Even if you get tired with the base game, there is still more, like the unofficial multiplayer, or the countless map mods, like Promods, Rusmap, Southern Region, EAA, and more. It's premise is boring, yes, but behind it's cover, there is countless hours of enjoyment.
Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great, calm, fun game to play! Lots of places to drive, wide variety of trucks, multiplayer is fun! DLC's are great aswell, especially the special cargo dlc. Definetely recommend the game, worth the price!
Got this game in a Humble pack,,never installed since, well come on,,a truck sim...!? *stupid*
Bored out of my mind I've now installed it years later and ....blabla.

*long story short,,since the attention span viewing reviwes is pretty low*

It's a frekkin awsome game actually,,even bought all DLC's and steering wheel setup ^^
Never judge a book by it's cover, chances are that you are wrong!

No need to tell you what it is in depth,,you drive a truck and run a truck company (if you want to),,the end,,and it's fun and relaxing.
I recommend.

With that said,,it's not for everyone since we all like diff stuffz,,still I was surprised by it,,you might be to.

Euro Truck Simulator 2. This is game I bought originally with bit of feeling will it help me with my future career of becoming a truck driver however this was recommended for me by fellow student who has used it to practice reversing and other important things. 

How does this game work out for me?
Its really helpful and gives right idea how driving a truck ain't all easy as it seems first. I used my Logitech G29 with this game and semi automatic gearbox mode to always change gears. Mod support too for the game is very good and specially fact how you can get more realistic parts to the game that aren't in the base game/added by DLC content.

Would I recommend this?
Yes I do 100% if you got steering wheel and pedals + are becoming a truck driver. Mods give huge things add to this even when got all DLC content (I recommend buy everything as pack or piece by piece in bundles when discount so that get to save also money :)

Is the game difficulty?
To me not that much. its more about learning to remember you got to take corners more carefully and always consider that you don't hit any civilians either. Though there are always blind corners and areas in the mirrors, you have to check certain way to more know if one is there. I learned my own method for this within few hours of playing this game.

negatives?

For sure one I want to truly point out is that seems whenever you are running out of your driving time, that can be done between breaks, there is always cops showing up or hiding somewhere among the cars behind you in the dark. Its like they spawn always at the most annoying moment. Sometimes you just can't make the stop because the next truck stop might be few kilometers away still. 

AI drivers in roundabouts specially seem to love try hit you if you are side by side. It kinda is part of the programming I guess they don't understand how much space you need. I've experienced moments when I've been bit and then see from mirror AI car stopping but avoided penalty because seemed for once system realized its not my fault if someone hits me on purpose. 

Another thing about AI cars, watch out for "break checkers" that seem to be a thing. Sometimes they break by random and can't do proper overtaking so I always recommend plan much ahead. 

Hungary is area where mods don't seem to work out. the moment I arrived at the border, game crashed few times in the row, but once I dropped all off, it was fine. I not sure yet what caused this but its been only country where I've experienced this. 


final scoring:
Based on what I've seen and count in, I would rate this game 7,5 or 8 out of 10. There are flaws but I more see this game is very good to practice for future truck drivers. It gives some help to reverse specially so buy this if feel like want to give a go.
If love driving simulation this could be the best experience u can get.. The amount of customization ,cities, trucks, trailers and I can go on.. Is best perfectly run on all systems including windows and Linux just truckers MP won't work on Linux yet.. Aka multi-player mod.... Best game for relaxing.. Be warned this is not your everyday sports game!!!
ive became a complete trucking nerd thanks to this game, the DLC's are amazing and driving through different parts of Europe is a sight to see. some amazing places. Cant wait for more content to come

Keep up the great work guys

lots of love Mackem x
Great Game, waiting for the multiplayer![hoping]
If you add multiplayer, so we dont need to use any outside mod for the game , it will be the perfect driving simulator!
As someone who never understood the fascination with these simulation games i decided to download it and give it a shot, and OMG I cannot get enough of this game. Though i couldn't get to grips with driving with controller so i had to get a steering wheel and with force feedback on it makes the driving so much more realistic.


10/10
I got the essentials bundle on sale and when I played it the gameplay and detail is so awesome. And even cooler that you can install mods from the workshop or from a website and also playing music while driving is legendary. But just improve a little on the AI traffic but such a fantastic game.

8/10
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run the calculator
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boy
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press some buttons
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
!MUST BUY IF YOU LOVE SIMULATORS!

The driving experience is great with mods or multiplayer and even singleplayer
But mp is the best!

Good updates and community

when you realize there is also [url=truckersmp.com]an online mod[/url] and [url=grimesmods.wordpress.com/2017/05/18/frosty-winter-weather-mod/] a way to drift[/url] then you go destroying trucks many times over
with other people too
I was peer pressured by the positive reviews to buy this game and it is extremely boring. I had to resort to driving like a maniac to keep myself entertained. Definitely not recommended unless you really like driving and you can't afford gas.
Ummm One day I was just watching the streaming of this game and thought of it would be fun to deliver the packages and trailers to the different countries by driving the trucks! Initially I really enjoyed playing it but after sometime it just got boring for me nothing new happens. Just driving and making your character sleep enough. 

I was having a bit of more expectations in terms of freedom to live the life of truck drivers.
