[i]Please read before making consideration:[/i]

I am friends with a former Senior Mod from the War Thunder forums. According to (that person), the mods actively check these reviews and downvote any of them that have any kind of criticism. Luckily for us, Steam prevents them from just deleting it like they do on their forums. I believe the top review here is negative, which is good despite my review being positive overall. People need to be aware of all the faults in this game, which are as numerous as all the things this game does right. 

If you decide to download this game just be aware of the unilateral censorship and active deletion and muting of anyone who offers up criticism (constructive or otherwise) on the forum. They do not tolerate it at all and you will have your post removed and will be given a warning point. The forums are helpful, but can be avoided entirely - which is what I recommend. It's not worth the trouble to deal with the mods if you do or say something they deem critical in any way.

All that said - the game itself is very fun. It's the best plane game on the market right now. Not that that says much, but it's something. The tank mechanics are very poor though, but if you don't mind some occasional RNG wackiness, they are a fun time-killer. 

Thanks for reading, happy tanking (and piloting).

Update: After the latest updates I can no longer support this game. Can't change review though.
[h1]CheckboxReview™[/h1] 

[b]---{Graphics}---[/b]
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

[b]---{Gameplay}---[/b] 
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

[b]---{Audio}---[/b] 
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

[b]---{Audience}---[/b] 
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

[b]---{PC Requirements}---[/b] 
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

[b]---{Difficulity}---[/b] 
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage 
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

[b]---{Grind}---[/b] 
☐ Nothing
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ Insanity

[b]---{Story}---[/b] 
☑ Doesnt have (Not counting historical stuff)
☐ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ Will make u cry or smile alot

[b]---{Game Time}---[/b] 
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ Depends on u
☑ Endless

[b]---{Bugs}---[/b] 
☐ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Few bugs 
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

[b]~~~~Multiplayer~~~~[/b] 

[b]---{Salt Level}---[/b] 
☐ Replaced with sugar
☐ Barely anything
☐ Balanced
☑ A bit of salt
☐ Salty
☐ Salt overload

[b]---{Servers}---[/b] 
☐ No issues
☑ Minor lags every few hours
☐ Can get laggy sometimes
☐ Oh the ping..
☐ Unplayable

[b]---{Status}---[/b] 
☑ Top
☐ Always some people around
☐ Not so easy to find people for the party
☐ You ll have to wait for anyone to join
☐ Barely any soul alive
☐ Dead like my insides

[b]---{Matchmaking}---[/b] 
☐ Depends on the host
☐ Brilliant
☐ Fair
☑ You might see much more experienced/stronger players
☐ Unbalanced
☐ Completely unfair
☐ Non-existing
U.S. reserve plane - 2x MG, 1000 rounds.

British reserve plane - 2x MG, 1200 rounds.

German reserve plane - 2x MG, 1000 rounds.

Japanese reserve plane - 2x MG, 1000 rounds.

Soviet reserve plane - 4x MG, 3000 rounds.

No Russian bias here, no sir.
Set up my grandpa to fly a Hurricane in VR, just like the one he was trained to fly.
He was absolutely loving it, the more comfortable he got, the more impressive his flying ability.
Never seen him this happy before, grandma is thanking me.
Then out of nowhere a La-3F rams him from behind and calls him a Faggot in the chat.

10/10
best game
I hate to recommend this game, but it was fun.

BUT YOUR WING CAN SNAP OFF IF A SINGLE BULLET HITS THE WIRE BETWEEN YOUR WINGS. WHAT ARE THE ODDS OF A 2cm WIDE BULLET HITTING A 4cm DIAMETER SUPPORT WIRE?!

World War 2 must have really sucked.
I have 2700 hours in this game (I used launcher before, that's why I have less on Steam) so I'll start:

There are 3 gamemodes in this game:
- Arcade (More spotting system, more arcade-ish behaviour of tanks/planes and some arcade-ish mechanics)
- Realistic (No spotting system [Air RB is an exception], more realistic behaviour of tanks and planes)
- Simulator (No explanation needed here. It's trying to be as realistic as possible)

Overall this game is really good, but after the years you can see that developers got greedy for money and they'll rather focus on adding new premium stuff into the game than improving the game, but in this game there's such an amount of vehicles you can choose from It's really incredible. There's no other game (that I know of) which has more planes and tanks in one game and which can even be played in the same gamemode. But... War Thunder is a F2P game which means one thing: GRIND. Unfortunately in this game you need to make money (Silver lions) grind RP for new vehicles and even if you get a new vehicle you need to RESEARCH MODIFICATIONS for that tank or plane which is just... stupid. For example in tanks you have to research new shells and even basic parts like stuff for repairing a tank or fire extinguisher. So what about planes? Well... plane without researched mods are just pain too. They are much slower than fully researched, they have less effective armament and you're pretty much sent into battle with inferior plane/tank like: Go, have fun. So yeah, grind is really bad in this game so honestly I recommend you to just get to the tanks or planes you really want to and stick with them. Just have fun with planes and tanks you like and don't bother with grinding.
Another problem is consistency of guns on planes. Sometimes you just tickle someone with your guns and they'll get destroyed and sometimes you only get hits or at least critical hit. So damage models on planes need a rework. They barely changed since the game was released, but at least flight models improved a lot since this game was released, but some of them still need more work, but developers won't bother too much with that because that would give them more work and less money than just adding new premium tank or plane. There are of course almost like in any game some balance issues and developers of this game really like to buff something too much or nerf something too much. It rarely happens that they'll hit that middle sweet spot at the first try, but they get to it eventually ... sometimes takes months but better than never I guess.

This game has it flaws, but it can be a lot of fun especially when you're playing with friends and you have a lot of iconic planes or tanks to choose from.

My rating for this game is 8/10
So cons:
- Attitude of developers to WT community and the game
- Some balance issues, map design and some gamemode designs  
Pros:
- Lot of iconic vehicles to chose from
- Graphics
- Gameplay
- Great mix between arcade and sim
- Controls
- Sounds

Play now or gulag!

Been playing for roughly two years now registering around 1200hrs and last month I switched to steam version and I have to say that this game is just pure fun! Good game mechanics. The game modes are really fun and thrilling. Beautiful graphics. Extremely well optimized for even a potato PC and heavily skill based. The community is also really not that bad but tend to get a bit toxic on high tier matches. It also takes a while to get the hang of it but once you do, you won't stop playing. It's fairly easy to learn. Hard to master. The game in itself is not pay to win but it does have a tendency to eat through your wallet if you're not careful.

Not for everyone though. You're most likely to invest your time only if you have an interest and a general idea about what the game is about. 
The devs also have their ups and downs but most of the time they're very responsive and helpful to the player base. Although periodically they try messing with the balancing system from time to time which can sometimes go as far as people dropping the game. Plus they could also work a bit better on their marketing to up the player base because it's not doing very good as of now. I mean after 7 years, the game still doesn't have a proper trailer. Overall though, great game. 8/10! Highly recommended and may the bias be with you! )))
While money can help, good skills and experience cannot be bought for the real fun. Its not a classic pay to win, for without it you can progress as well , have fun and make a difference. With several different play modes you will probably find your thing. And a good team cannot be bought, only forged!
War Thunder. One of my favorite games and most played on steam. Its free, its fun, and great by yourself or with friends. Its strictly online multiplayer and it does take quite a bit of time to reach top tier but the grind is worth it and the experience is memorable. I say download the game and try it out, because in the end you can just delete it if you find it not to your liking.
This is an amazing game. I enjoy the gameplay and the community of people who play it. I'm sure there are some mean people here and there but its still a amazing game. as of 2/16/19 i have around 460 hours on this game but more because i encountered a glitch in steam that the game shut off but steam said it was running so i had to download it again to play it. but so far the game is amazing besides some glitches every so often but its pretty fun when you get the hang of it. -TheBoostedBass5
War thunder does many things right with a  rewarding leveling system and amazing selection of vehicles and a solid multiplayer with immersive graphics. However the grind for this game challenges and may even beat warframe at the amount of grind you haft to put in. This is not negative but its not grate. Do to the amount to unlock in this game a huge grind from beginner to mid  game  is to much. However it is a great game to play with friends and i would recommend this game with  a 3/5 for normal people.
Its a good game but when you sign in the first time you can login with steam but then the next day i go on i cant login with steam anymore, whats it mean Gaijin?

edit: nvm i had 2 launchers for some reason and one of them did that oops
Love this game, can make you mad from time to time, but proves to be very strategic and slow-fasted pace, if that makes sense XD. Anyways, I would totally recommend this game, but like I somewhat stated earlier, expect some frustration after about 10 consecutive deaths.
After playing this game on and off for a couple of years, I can confirm it's great fun (for me anyways). It's always slightly on the broken side (especially arcade), I mainly play planes, haven't moved into tanks or boats much but enjoyed what I have played.

8/10 would recommend XD
This game really depends on what kind of player you are. This game requires high amounts of concentration and attention. Ive reached tier 4 on so many countries, it took me months to reach tier 4 on one country. My main tip is, forget about the grind, enjoy the game. Don't set a goal, just set research on one thing and dont stop till you get it, repeat until you are ultimately done with this game. ONLY FOR TANKS ---->

German, have fun with tier III, with access to tigers, the german bias begins, tier II is still fun with the 75mm guns however tier IV is horrible. Tiger II is not worth it. 
USA- High risk high reward
Tier 1-3 will be a pain, playing with slow, horrible guns and even worse armour, it will definently be difficult. However, tier 4 is one fun tier. 

Russia- Yes Blyat
Russia is a beginner country, I suppose, so many meme tanks such as the tiny beast, ASU57. The IS heavy tank line is fun with 122mm guns. However, big guns come with long reload. Playing russians requires trigger disclipine.

Japanese- America but worse
Tier 1-3 IMPOSSIBLE.... Tier 4-6, hell yeah

French and italians..
Sure, good tanks overall with a wide range of tanks.

Point is, start with something like russia.. italy or france.
Its hard to belive this game is free to play.

the game i extremely realistic, controls are easy although realistic and overall a great experience.
also i really recommend this game if you love World War era tanks and planes because it is extremely detailed and informative.
Price
[/] Free
[] Worth the Money
[] Wait for Sale
[] Refund

Graphics Requirements
[] Potato 90s Computer
[/] Decent
[] Average
[] High
[] NASA Supercomputer

Difficulty
[/] Easy
[] Easy to learn, Hard to master
[] Hard to learn, Easy to master
[] Hard
[] OOF 

Gameplay
[] liek if u cry everytiem
[/] Nice
[] Not Bad
[] Bad
[] OOF

Overall:
9/10
Propably the best tank game on the market right now. Easy to understand controls, nice graphics and a fairly easy to understand progression tree. There are multiple modes, realistic or arcade which makes the game attractive for both casual and hardcore players. The balancing is alright most of the time, however there are ever so few matches where you get matched agains another team with a higher battle rating which makes it a little frustrating to play. There is not a whole lot of pay to win in this game and the progression system feels pretty fair overall. Especially if you take the daily research or credit boosts into consideration. Those can give you fro 10 to 150% resarch speed. Can't really speak for the plane mode since I don't play it, but the tank mode is pretty fun and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good tank game.
War Thunder is fairly realistic when it comes to the actual planes and combat.  I prefer this to any of the World of ____ games because of this.  They're too much like an arcade style, and War Thunder does have battles with planes and tanks or planes and ships.  I also really like the more recent additions of helicopters.  The only thing is that you can play as France or Italy, and while the choice is appreciated, I did kind of like them being integrated into the British and German trees, respectively.
a very unique game, i like it because it's fun, and also very beautiful Detail even not max graphic, also i like it that they provided place for us that love to make skin some place to share our work, recommended!
The gameplay is actually pretty fun, and easy to learn.
The map diversity is good.
You can play for free all the way if you want. <3

N.B: Please don't used cheat engine or any third-party software. :-P
If you can get past Gaijin's constant and unnecessary changes to mechanics, as well as the ridiculous grind especially later on, this game is probably the most well rounded WWII vehicle game out there.

That being said, unless you play this game a ridiculous amount or pay up, you're not going to get to any high tier vehicles any time soon.
So I have 300 hours on steam, and have not included time on the PS4.

The game offers three different vehicle options.  Naval, aerial and tank combat.  I only play the aerial and tank modes (Why plane naval when there's World of Warships?

So, the positives first:

The game offers a tier system to ensure that you are - generally - evenly matched with who you are against.  So, you wont end up against impossible odds-generally.

On the tank mode it has a very good kill cam mode where as you hit an opponent it shows the damage your shell has done.  So, injured or killed crew on the enemy vehicle, disabled parts and the such.  This can assist you in gauging if you can finish an enemy or need to admit running away is the better part of valour.

The overall game play can be fun, and very smooth.  It is smooth and offers a competitive game that is fluid enough to not be boring.

The flying is very well rendered.  It is very balanced also, and offers a level of realism rarely seen in a lot of arcade like games.

Now, sadly, the cons:

The tier system.  The tiers are set so tanks in the same tiers generally come across each other- so a tier two Japanese tank will generally face tier two Americans.  HOWEVER... the game developers added an additional battle rating (BR).  The BR system is VERY poorly designed, and very biased.  A tank with a BR of, say 4, can end up facing a BR 5-6 tank.  This means that you cannot combat the enemy vehicle and have to hope a member of your team has the ability to.

Pay to win.  The game IS free.  However, it offers a premium mode -which is VERY expensive - which will allow you to bump up experience and money earned in matches.  However, they also have premium vehicles.  These vehicles are usually very overpowered and are set below what would appear to be a fair BR giving the buyer an advantage.

Bias.  If you want to play as a home country - Americans play American, French play French etc - that is fine.  However, if you want to win, you really need to play Russian.  I think if the stats and abilities of the Russian tanks where real, they would of conquered the world in the 40's through their construction and unbeatable armour and weapons and not due to numbers.  Until higher tiers the German tanks - masters of the era - are made out to be shoe boxes on rubber bands, and the British tanks might as well of never turned up to fight.

Toxic community.  A lot of the community is really good but you find even more find it acceptable to camp your spawn.  This is not such a drama on Arcade mode. But when you are on Realistic, and an enemy tank destroyer - which has been paid for AND is two BR's above you -is sitting in your spawn, it can be a little frustrating.  Also non team players who want to sit on the spawn and just wait with AA weapons.  They achieve nothing, apart from removing a potential weapon from your ranks.

Grind.  The game will make you work towards a tank you want.  However you usually need to unlock AND purchase its preceding models.  This means you spend any money you save on vehicles you do not want.  When you unlock your chosen vehicle, you pay a massive premium to retrain your crew.  Then, you need to research modifications - even basics like fire fighting equipment - and buy it.  But you cant afford the modification, because all your money is tied up in earlier tanks.

One shot.  There is nothing more painful than grafting, getting your chosen tank, and waiting in ambush to be killed with one shell from across the map by some pervert hiding in a bush.  The flip side...

Unclear gaming aspects.  If you have, say a KV-1 Russian tank, nothing can stop you it appears, bar a T 34, another Russian tank.  Even if your chosen vehicle has a bigger calibre and better ammunition type, it will bounce off the KV.  So bias.  But also watching as shot after shot of yours pierces an enemy tank, puts it into a critical mode, the whole crew are dead...and magically, their gunner comes alive, and kills you with one shot.  However, in role reversal, even with your crew stats updated to a high standard, if you take a critical hit - and are NOT Russian - your crew goes into meltdown mode and just basically blow their own brains out.


There are far more cons than pros.  I play with a few friends, which helps.  But, I feel the game still needs a better balancing system, and maybe the developers need to engage with and talk with some tank historian's just to clarify the vehicles ratings.  Its one thing to say "We know it had this armour, so it must be this good" but quite another to sit down with subject matter experts and have them say "Yes, it had that thickness armour...but it was made from tin foil, held together with duck tape and would not stop harsh language never mind a shell".

Its still a good game, and a GREAT game for free.  And the Devs do seem open to the community.  But remember if you want to win, play Russian.  Otherwise, accept you will struggle and will probably be outclassed, but play for fun.






First, My playing hours are like x2 because I also played a lot of houres outside steam.
I am a rank 100 and play all the factions.  I also have been a very good customer of gaijin as I have bought a lot in their store over the years. And since I have invested so much time and money in it, I would like to give a positive review. But unfortunately I decided not to do that....  And also have decided to uninstall this game. At a given moment you are just done and all the trust is gone.

It is a beautiful game but Devs are just the big problem. They prefer to make new content instead of fixing old problems.
After so many years I have lost all confidence in them. They almost never listen to criticism from their fans and always think they know better. They forget that the fans want to improve the game with their criticism, but are often treated as Gaijin's enemy.

There are so many problems that it is too long for a review but here is a list with the most important:

1. BR compression. Each vehicle has a battlerating like (1.0 1.3 1.7 2.0 ect). A battlerating is an indication of how good a vehicle is and what it can encounter. The maximum battlerating in a match can be +1 higher to -1 lower than your own vehicle. Which means that you can sit between the highest BR and the lowest BR (uptier and downtier).
Now the vehicles are too close together in terms of BR, so compression. Which means that some vehicles dominate heavily and some do not have a chance at all when they come  against each other in a match. Gaijin does not want to solve this problem because they want everyone to find a match quickly. (this is my biggest problem with this game)

2. Gaijin censorship, Gaijin does not like criticism. Post on their form that are critical and viewed by enough players just disappear. Gaijin denies, for example, that it was possible to cheat in their game. When a youtuber proved that it was possible. Gaijin wanted to copyright strike against this person or put the Realistich game mode to Arcade. As a kind of punishment for the player or something. I have no idea why.... Gaijin behaved rather childish.

3. Reporting a bug. During the years I reported all the bug that I found to gaijin. I have send replays and information. From 1000kg bombs that do no damage, tanks shot that disappeared in the air, to planes that were shot in 1/2 and keeps flying smoothly. I have seen everything over the years. Fortunately, there are never many bugs.... so that is good.
But I have never received any answers from Gaijin. The only thing that is done is that your report gets closed, completely ignored or can no longer be found (disappears). It looks more like Gaijin sees you as a burden instead of help.


There are many other problems in this game such as your tank shots that are absorbed into the Optics of the opponents tanks and do no damage or pay to win tanks like the is-6. 

But i have to stop to keep the review a little short, I close it here. 
Warthunder "can"  become a much better game than it is now. There are too few players online to earn money so gaijin wants to pull as much money as they can from the remaining players as possible instead of recognizing problems and solving them.
I have played this game since I was first introduced to it by jingles. (Jan, 5 2013) When i first started playing i was in love. It was the only thing I ever did all day. The thought of getting to jet drove me to play for 14 hours at a time. The game was great. Then the updates started to come... At first it was just harder to make money and xp. People hated it but I kind of liked it. Then the BR system came and balance left. Matchmaking had trouble getting fair matches but even that wasnt so bad. Then the russian bias got real. Im not one of those people that complain that I died to X russian plane/tank but after seeing russian tanks and planes survive things that would destroy any other tank it got annoying. (planes putting out fires, t-34s bouncing tiger 2 shots in the side, ext) But even this wasnt what made me quit this game. It's the company. They are absolutly terrible. Constantly censoring anyone with an opinion than dosent match theirs. They threaten to ruin RB if we dont let them attack youtubers that help them by finding cheaters? And even steam isn't safe. They constantly have people downvote any review that is negative. I can forgive russian bias. I can forgive the terrible BR system. I cannot forgive this company for the way they treat their community. To Anton Yudintsev, you made a game that was amazing. I loved it so much and always will. But what you have become as a company will destroy you in the end. Listen to the community, let them help you make the game better. If you do that, this game has a chance to rise back up into greatness.
Just to give you an insight of the company that runs this game, Gaijin Entertainment:
Some months ago the incredibly unsuccessful E100 tournament took place.
Players where hyped like ****, A FREAKING E100 IS BEING ADDED
What people didnt know was that the E100 would only be available to less than 1200 people that won these tournaments, for which you needed to pay to get tickets to play.
The tournament was badly set up and full of hackers (Shhh Gaijin doesnt want us to know there are hackers)
Of course thousands of people complained in the forums, including myself.
Most of my comments where removed on the context of ''flaming'', some of those comments complained about the removals.
Shortly after this, they introduced a rule that didnt allow people to post in the forums, unless they had played a certain number of battles prior to posting.
After receiving a warning for challenging moderation (lol) I got a message from a fellow forum user:
''The rule came about shortly after they removed Simulator Battles from the game.  It wasn't to keep the trolls at a minimum, it was to reduce the workload of the moderators after such a poor decision.

Scarper and Pacifica (two senior mods) are megalomaniacs.   Their egos get in the way of moderation.  Their extra comments on closed threads are often insulting and almost always condescending.  They show the community no respect at all and I believe it is only a symptom of Gaijin policy.  This was evident in the Youtube incident (if you are familiar I won't elaborate, but if you want to know more I'll elucidate)''
More into this:
http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/290640-community-relations-or-why-i-have-to-post-in-off-topic-discussions/
http://ritastatusreport.blogspot.com/2015/07/gaijin-shuts-down-youtubers-channel.html
http://www.polygon.com/2015/7/30/9068059/rogue-employee-holds-independent-youtube-channel-hostage-war-thunder

Mods from all around the globe are likely to downvote this, and I doubt this review will ever be viewed by many, but please, stay away from this toxic company while you can.
I am playing War Thunder since the beta, when unlocking planes was actually enjoyable and there were no "stock" useless vehicles. Many "new" simpleminded fans that defend Gaijin don't know that this game didn't have a research system back then, while now it even has the same spotting mechanics of World of Tanks. Altough they're more refined, like pretty much every aspect of the game. This one can be considered as a semi-sim with also an arcade mode.

[i]I own a Premium Account since release and most premium vehicles. Please read it trough the end, because this review is not about the quality of its gameplay, it goes beyond that. I hope Gaijin will notice the reviews and understand why the population has dropped trough the years, with an average of 80-100k players online before the 1.37 (when there was no research system), to an average of 30-40k (with tanks too). Triple the content, less than half population.[/i]

After all the miscommunications (bugs being fixed a year after the community notified it, disliked events, introduction of loot boxes to get old-limited-events vehicles and more) and the continuous mocking and hostility of the moderator [b]Stona[/b] towards members of the community, even when they only ask for changes to the balancement or japanese prototype tanks (they have a poor tree and are unplayable), I thought that I had to write a new review for the game.

What can I say, the War Thunder has gone a long way since then. New nations, an entire new tank-based game (Ground Forces) and the announcement of the both ships and helicopters in the near future. It's sad to see the player base dropping costantly every year, since the 100k+ that were when we had only planes, to 20-30k.
Unfortunately, while the content has slowly got better, the progression has not. I also made the horrible choice to grind Japan. While the first two tiers are enjoyable by free2players too, the higher we go on the research tree, the worst it get, to a point where dying may even give you a negative amount of money. To me, with a premium account and 50€ premium tanks with extra rewards, it may not be a problem, but it is to anyone else. The grinding for research points gets tedious since mid-game for tanks and late-game for planes, and you have to consider also the amount of money needed to do everything: 
Do you want to buy an unlocked vehicle? Buy it. Do you want to equip it to a crew? Pay (even 290k for top tiers). Do you want to shoot? Buy the ammo, Is it broken? Buy the repair service. What about events? Pay for the ticket.
Sure, it is immersive to pay for some features, but all of this balance create a lot of issues to other players. 

And what about the modifications? When you research and buy a vehicle, it doesn't come at his max potential. It's a stock vehicle, with basic ammo, a worst engine and whatsoever. If you're interested in planes you should be good, your plane will be usually worse than the others but you'll be able to play and slowly spade it (i.e. max it). Oh you're interested in tanks?

Then [b] welcome to fucking hell.[/b]

To make a tank playable you usually need at least two upgrades: Parts and FPE. Parts is an upgrade that let you repair your vehicle, FPE is an extinguisher to put off the fire. To get the FPE you first need to unlock another upgrade, so a total of 3 upgrades are necessary. MANY tanks are also useless at their battle rating (another issue which I'll describe later) and to make them playable you'll need advanced ammo, which may request up to 4-5 upgrades first.

[i]"Hey but I just unlocked the parts with one match"[/i]

Heh, sure it's good to play at Rank I-II, when you only 2-5k research points each. At Rank V-VI it becomes 16-24k, even 40k in some cases.

Imagine having to grind 16k (Average f2p gets 2-3k I think, when it actually get kills. A premium player with a premium vehicle usually get 10k) without penetrating ammo, without being able to repair as soon as something hit you and with the survivability of a dodo. What if I matchmake your tank to an higher battle rating? Owww damn, your tank exploded right away, it was expectable indeed. Pay me 8k please to repair it.

Repeat that for every new vehicle you'll unlock. Welcome to Ground Forces. Fortunately you can pay to buy a Rank IV/V premium vehicle and enjoy the bonus rewards and a fully spaded tank. 49,99€ over your sanity. And don't forget to buy the experience for your crew or they will suck. Always, even after 200hr you will not have enough experience to max a single crew and you'll pay real money to do that.

Last, about that battle rating I mentioned: it basically represent the strenght of a tank on a fictional "tier list".  It influence the matchmaking. Whenever you queue the game uses your highest rated vehicle in your formation and searches for other players with the same battle rating OR a fluctuation of +1/-1. If you use a 6.7 tank, you may end up with other tanks from 5.7 to 7.7.
Obviously the chance you will end up in a 7.7 match are 80% and guess what, most tanks will become extremely hard to play and - if lacking FPE/Parts/ammo - the may become completely useless.

Mix all of that and do your math. It's a well-made game, fun, varied and with both arcade and simulative modes, but this is really infuriating and has to stop. Get back on track.


Gaijin will never read this, but by making these two small changes they would make it surely more fun and bring back the community. The reduced matchmaking would be compensated by bigger numbers. I'd also remove the "Parts" from the game, but I guess that's too much to ask to Gaijin.

[list]
    [*]+50% rewards to all vehicles (they use visible % under every vehicle to balance the rewards)
    [*]Reduce the matchmaking from +1/-1 to +0.7/-0.7.
[/list]

There are more than 1000 vehicles right now, at least 3 more than when it started. It's time to reduce the grinding to these new standards. Even more if we include the upcoming ships, the italian army and the mentioned "two new nations in the next years". How is a new player supposed to reach rank III/IV in three different modes and multiple nations?
Most new players stop after third/fourth rank of a single nation. I am sure that letting them focus on more nations wouldn't reduce the income, they will probably end up buying more premium vehicles.
I have a hard time recommending this game right now, and I will explain why....

At least here on steam, I don’t have to worry about being bullied by Gaijin for writing a critical review. I really want to like this game. Unlike a lot of kiddies who post on the forums, I am much older. I am a gamer from the 80's, growing up on simulators from the 80's and 90's like F-15 Strike Eagle, F-18 Interceptor, Birds of Prey, Their Finest Hour, Knights of the Sky, etc. These were on the Commodore 64, Amiga 500, etc. 

If you are younger and unfamiliar with these titles, look them up. It will give you an idea of how long I have been around flying the cyber skies and coming from an experienced point of view.  I guess that's why I am amused when kids try to lecture players who have been flying sims for decades before they were even on the earth. So, for the younger among us, you can learn something from your elders. 
Warthunder is very frustrating, it has the potential to be a really good game, but instead is held back by Russian nationalism and left over cold war era mentalities. 

I have spent many hours and money on this game, I have supported them financially and really have given them time to fix their problems, unfortunately they continue to run with a delusional narrative. 

Often you will hear people claim there is a Russian bias to the game. Well, to be blunt, yes, it true. The only people who argue otherwise always prove to be A) of Russian decent themselves and take it personally, B) Are apologists for Gaijin and tote the typical fan boy nonsense, or C) They use Russian tanks or planes and are comfortable in their over powered vehicles, afraid they will be taken away. 

Recently, one of the developers for Gaijin stated that “they cater to the Russian audience because that’s where the money is, they also don’t want to be embarrassed about Russian past or tech”…

So what does this mean exactly?....Basically he is saying they’re going to fudge the facts for the sake of Russian ego?
I take issue with Warthunder because Gaijin continues to claim they strive for “historical accuracy” however they have shown no real attempt to make that so. 

They make disparaging comments about German WWII tanks, planes and tech of the era. They claim their hardware was inferior to Soviet hardware, and all the publications that say otherwise is pure “western propaganda”.
Any objective student of WWII history knows the Germans were known for having very advanced superior equipment. There is a reason Both the U.S. and the Soviets were grabbing up as many German scientist and tech as they could at the end of the war. 

The Planes and Tanks

Warthunder has dishonestly taken Russian planes that were underperforming or produced in low numbers, and exaggerated their abilities. They also have a whole SEPARATE development team for the Russian planes vs the rest of the planes. What does that tell you? 

The P-38 lightning doesn’t perform anything like its real counterpart, I thought, “man, this plane flies like crap”, so I did some research. I found out that Gaijin gave the P-38 a heavy bomber/fighter flight model, they assigned the A-20 flight model to the P-38 lighting! But wait, what did they do with Russian planes that had unfinished flight models? They were simply void of any drag penalties. Instead, they left out variables on the planes, causing them to perform UFO like Arial maneuvers. 

The bombers are all nerfed with bomb load capacity, however without any explanation, the Russian Yer is conveniently left without the same changes, and is allowed a higher capacity. 

ALL U.S. Navy aircraft are atrocious. They don’t perform near to their real models. The  F-4U Corsair, which was nick named “whispering death” by the Japanese can’t be flown more than two minutes without it beginning to overheat. 

The P-63, which was not a very good plane in general, is given super capabilities. Gee…is that because the Russians used this plane in the war from Lend Lease? Well, what does this tell you? If you look up the P-63 for the Americans, and the P-63 for the Russians, WOW!....the P-63 for the Russians is magically superior in performance despite being an export of the same plane. 

The bombers?....They use to perform ok. Now their destroyed with a massive nurf where a couple of shots from a machine gun will explode a B-29! Its truly ridiculous. 

Wanting to see for myself, I began to fly Russian planes. Sure enough, the ease in which I could fly around and destroy the enemy with ease was absurd. I shook my head in disgust and quit right there. I later came back and tried again, yet the same thing is happening in tanks as well. You have T-34’s driving around pawning Tigers for crying out loud. 
There is so much examples of this, we could be here all day. This is only further supported by their absurd forum posts where they talk about Soviet tech being superior to all other nations in WWII. It really is amazing how strong their bias truly is. 

Then, Gaijiin behaves like a bunch of KGB thugs. If ANYONE brings up anything deemed slightly critical on their forums, ALL dissent is immediately locked, silenced and deleted. Threads are deleted or locked, and people get banned, simply for holding an opinion they don’t like. Google Gajiin extorion scandal

That behavior alone truly is disgusting. Here is a real kicker though….look at Gaijiin rules for the games. They state that “historical characters who violated human rights are not permitted to be mentioned”. 

Hmm…so History they don’t approve of is out, talking about history is out….but here is the best part. Hitler is a no no…can’t talk about him. But wait!......Stalin, a monster who arguably was just as bad if not worse than Hitler, killing 20 million or more of his own people, he is perfectly fine! In fact, Warthunder will even let you put the words “For Stalin” in Russian on the side of your tank or plane! YAY for double standards! 

Team Work?.....foget about it! You have kids flying around ramming, or...while you are working on a plane, they will show no dicipline or respect at all. Rather then hold off your wiing, they will try to fly in front of you while your shooting, and take your kill! Now, 3 things happen here. A} They fly infront of your fire and get hit, then you get penalized for team damge. They also will idiotically accuse you of twam killing. B) they dont get hit by your fire, but cause you to have to break off to avoid a collsion and screw up your kill. Or C) they collide into you, and then accuse you of ramming them. 

There is no mutual respect for team work in this game. It would help if they would implement coms for the whole team, and allow more then 4 players in a squad. Another nice feature would be the ability to fly in the same plane. Firends should be able to get in a bomber together. 
As of now, IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad seems to be clearly much better. 
In the end, this is a good game that could be great. It really could be. Unfortunately, it’s undermined by its own developers who have been spoon fed Communist era propaganda to the point of absurdity, who then turns around and can’t help but put it in their own game, only to pull oppressive tact by silencing anyone who dares to point out such nonsense. 
I have been waiting a long time for them to get with the program; unfortunately I am most likely waiting in vain. 
Warthunder has become nothing but a propaganda mill, with Delusional re-writes of history where Red Army planes filled the skies and dominated over the Luftwaffe and all other nations. It’s a joke and insult to call this poor excuse of a “simulator” anything close to being “historically accurate”…only in the world of Commie make believe is this game close to anything historical. 

Sadly, I’ll probably still play this game, only to be constantly reminded of how great it could be. I have given Gaijin about $100.00 of my money, and sadly I will never get its worth.
would be the best online tank/plane game there is IF, Gaijin wasn't as greedy as they are. They've become increasingly money hunrgy, and have now launched their own "market" where you can buy tanks/plane, that were preaviously only available if you put in a lot of time to do a challenge in a specific time.

now however they offer their own "lootboxes" where you can get these vhicles and just sell them on their own market (which uses their own curency ofcourse, that you can't turn into real life cash). The people that originaly went through the effort of getting these vheicles then get nothing but a big middle finger in return. Because they know long time players wont leave (atleast not completely, mabye just a break for a few months) because there's no other game out there like it.

i just hate to see a game i've played so much slowly go down the shitter, just for some easy cash instead of fixing big issues that have been there for the start. Instead of fixing the gameplay or adding more stuff to do, like new game modes, They just add more tanks/planes... ect. because that's how they get some easy cash.

also they may have added helicopters and boats, but you gotta PAY TO TEST THEM FOR GAIJIN. Boats should have been releaced a year or two ago, but no, they know that if they keep it in "closed beta" they'll earn way more money off it, because then the people who love the game and have seen most of what it has already, will have to buy a 40$ hellicopter/boat instead of just playing the regualr old cluster fuck that is tank or air realisitc battles. so now both boats and planes are in beta, and probably will be for another century..


I just rambled through this entire review, but i really care for the game and the community, but the devs are as shady as you get, one of the tips they give new players is "spend some cash"
I've never, ever, ever written a review for a game. Gaming just isn't a full blown hobby for me. That all changed when I started playing Warthunder way, way back in 2013. The game was mindblowing. Being able to play so many different types of famous aircraft in the midsts of epic dogfights was totally engrossing to me being an avaition nut. The graphics were and still are incredible for a free to play. When tanks came out it was again totally mind blowing to see the tracer rounds whizzing back and forth, something the "other game" didn't really focus on. The tanks, the sounds, the explosions, the historic battlefields ( few they were ), really struck gold. But...none of it was perfect. Yea, yea I know, "But you just said it was mindblowing and awesome!", yea I did, but it didn't last. It became monotonous when they changed to the RP system, taking literal years for me to get to my first jet ( I still don't have the final fighter jet in the American line ). You have to treat  the game like a job, and after awhile even a job you love get's boring and more annoying. 

The tanks have taken up most of Gaijin's focus, with Realistic Air Battles not being improved in the slightest despite major problems with the gameplay. But even with the major focus on tanks, Gaijin still hasn't done anything with the upgrades you earn with the tank the more you play. Fire extinguishers and parts ( both vitally needed for a tank ) need to be earned. Which means ladies and gentlemen, that in the beginning battles, normally 5-10 of them depending on your performance, if your tank is hit in a vital spot, or is set on fire, you have to sit there completely helpless. It's on of the stupidest things about tank battles, and it's the one option out of the endless that Gaijin chose because it's the one that will get them the most money. 

Frankly. I've put over 1800 hours into this game, more than any other game I've ever played. I'm going to continue playing it. But it's a game that you don't want to get involved in. It's fine in small doses, but you'll never get any of the vehicles you want if you play that way. I simply can't recommend this game because Gaijin doesn't listen to the community, and the game sucks all fun away like a black hole.

I would just like to add that you'll notice a vast majority of negative reviews come from the players that have put many, many hours into the game, including me. I don't know what else could be so telling as to the state of this game.
Tanks are okay until Rank 4, when the serious grind starts. Planes are easy to grind and you can get to rank 5 with sanity intact. If gameplay is all that matters then by all means play it, but if you care about how corrupt the company can be then beware.

List of some things they did off the top of my head:

- Sued an individual for using the domain name "Gaijin.net" even though the original gaijin.net predated the company by seven years.

- Threatened to ruin part of the game if players didn't help them abuse youtube's DMCA strikes against youtubers that showed bad things about the game.

- Completely ignores community balance suggestions, acts like their game is 100% balanced and that anyone who suggests changes is wrong.

- Gaijin support is not worth contacting, they find ways to circumvent their own policies.


Not that any of this affects gameplay, just thought people should know what kind company is getting the money.


BONUS STORY: 
Started an air realistic match and as soon as it started I saw a captured P47 teamkill 3 players (one due to fire after he got kicked) then J out. I messaged him after the battle, apparently that's all he does. I said he should be perma-banned and he responded telling me to look at his stats and that he'd been TKing every match for months and received countless complaints but yet wasn't banned or even warned.
Unfortunately, I have to base my review on things outside of the game.

After you uninstall the game, it doesn't actually uninstall the game. For some reason they thought even tho you press uninstall, that is not something you want. 
After you manually delete all game files, you realize there is "gaijin.net agent" running in background and if you click on it, it will quickly reinstall the game.
You cannot find gaijin agent as app in control panel. You have to find it manually and remove all files associated.
Also, don't forget to remove it from start up applications.

Really, really annoying. Never again. Thanks guys.
[h1]This is an extensive review of what to expect going into another Free-To-Play game and its business practices. This review is aimed for new players looking to get into the tank part of the game.[/h1]

[i]Note : If you are interested in aircraft or ships, skip this one.[/i]


The game is developed by a Russian company, Gaijin - they work with another company to make the vehicle models and other individuals and contributors to get real data/information on how they performed in real life and how to best represent that in-game.

[b]The Positives Side : [/b]
[list]
[*] The graphics are stunning. Very accurate models, world detail and the new Dagor 5.0 engine did wonders for the game and they've promised even more optimizations in the recent Russian stream. The overall feeling is quite good, although the warlike atmosphere (such as smoke clouding the skies) could be a bit better. 
[*] UK, USA, Russia, Germany, France, Japan and soon Italy will be participating in ground battles. Each nation with their own playstyle, shells, armor layouts making for a refreshing experience.
[*] Accurate ballistics and armor composition make for a tactical tank combat that requires knowledge before player skill. In-game stat cards give an overall idea of what the tank is capable of, how much punching power it has and what type of it can deal with. It's quite a steep learning curve for the first hundred hours and even by then you'll still have questions about how to deal with certain targets and what to look for. [i]Hint : Look for answers on youtube and reddit, not in-game.[/i] Rome wasn't built in a day and you will certainly not understand War Thunder's mechanics early on. 
[*] The tank models are really well made. I mentioned this before and I would like to emphasize on the "weight" of the tank compared to Wargaming's World of Tanks. You can really feel like you're driving a tank and not Mario Kart. The pacing is slow in two game modes, and a bit quicker in the other one (more below).
[*] The sounds are excellent. From 12.7mm Anti-Air guns, to big 150mm Sturmpanzer cannon - deeper, realistic and satisfying shell sounds are what help with immersion when playing this game. 
[*] Three game modes to please every tank player - Arcade, Realistic, Simulator. All have their differences ranging from engine power (with Simulator being the closest to real values and arcade having extra power) to aiming assistance. 
[/list]

[b] The Negative :[/b]
[list]
[*] Gaijin has to be one of the worst offenders in gaming history. If you have an extensive gaming experience you are already thinking of Nexon, Trion, EA, and half of the developers in the MMORPG market. The one thing they do not have compared to Gaijin is the [b]grip on a niche audience[/b]. You see, there's no competitor to War Thunder in the entire gaming industry. World of Tanks and Armored Warfare target a different audience - one that likes arcade style hitpoints, peak-a-boo style of tank play. The audience of War Thunder is completely different. You have community members who spend an absurd amount of time finding documents, conducting research unlike in any other community you'll ever see. Because there's no competitor on the market for a realistic war game with tanks and aircraft/ships, [b]they own this entire audience and they know it[/b]. This company has pulled of unprecedented levels of unprofessionalism and lack of communication with the playerbase that would've grounded [b]ANY[/b] company including the owner of this store you're reading this review on. Constant lies, fabricated "sources" and documents, selective feedback. I could go on forever here, but EA has that stigma because it was Star Wars and that hurts Americans, not because they're worse than Gaijin.
[*] Infurating matchmaker - The matchmaker is set to +- 1 battle rating. What this means is that having your best tank a 3.7 Sherman you will at worst be matched with players that have either a 4.7 vehicle as their best, or at best with players who have a 2.7 tank as top. In lower tiers this is not really an issue, you will learn and adapt to a different playstyle. However as you move up into late World War 2 vehicles where armor really matters and further into Cold War T-54s the matchmaker becomes such a problem to the point of frustration. Depending on the game, your best tank will not be able to penetrate frontally any of the enemy teams excluding cupolas and machine gun ports (if they have one). The community has been asking for a +- 0.7 battle rating matchmaker for [b]YEARS[/b], but they haven't listened and never will. Good luck fighting an American T29 heavy tank hull down on your Panther D, you will never win.
[*] When you get a new tank, you get a stock performance which can be further improved by researching modules such as "Engine", which gives a better acceleration, "Brakes" that help you break quicker and allow for quick retreating if you're caught off-guard and many others. Among these modules you have two culprits where one of the shittiest player frustration mechanic in the game is - "Parts" and "Fire Prevention Equipment". Without the first one, you cannot repair your tank, unless you're sitting on your objective. If you take a shot and your gun breech is damaged, you're out of combat for the rest of the game, since shooting with a broken gun breech will detonate the shell inside your own tank. If you take a shot to your transmission you'll be stationary the rest of the game. If a similar situation happens 20 seconds into the game...you can see how fun that might be. The best is FPE - if you get shot in your engine or fuel tanks, you'll be set on fire. You guessed it, without this module you'll continue burning until you're dead. The removal of these two modules has been asked since closed beta - Gaijin refused.
[*] Community management - No developer reads the international forum in English. Instead there are moderators who "forward" suggestions to them for review. This is fine, they're not required to know English, it's an absurd request. The moderators on the other hand are absolute morons and worthless human beings on a power trip. If they do not like your suggestion your post will never appear. Your communication with the developer is entirely gone because no one heard it - not your fellow players who could upvote that or give feedback to you on how to improve it, or why your idea is totally wrong and you should come back with a better one. Radio silence, it's gone. They shut down opinions they do not like or that highlight the Russian favoritism that is present in game (there's plenty of evidence of this, ask me below if you want) and ban everyone that talks back. Truly one of the worst forums out there.
[/list] 

Something to note about the community in-game : I was a bit surprised coming from World of Tanks and it's cesspool. Most games go without anyone talking other than radio commands "Attack X", "Defend X", "Follow Me" etc. Very rarely do you get dirtbags and flame wars, it's surprising in a PvP game. Usually it's someone venting in [ALL] about bias, rarely personal. They're far more talkative in Simulator Tank Battles, really nice as well. Overall a decent community I would say, on reddit too if you ignore some of the usual internet types. 

[b] Final thought :[/b]

The game itself is excellent, there's nothing like it which is why I've played it for so long. It's interesting, you also tend to learn things you never knew just by playing and talking to other community members - tanks, the war, other projects, prototypes and so on. 

I wouldn't recommend it to anyone however. The further you go, the sadder you'll feel about what a company like Grinding Gear, Digital Extremes or Obsidian could've done with this. This is the best war game on the Steam store, made by the worst company.
My steam time isn't representative of my play time in this game - I had a direct client account from 2013 that grinded USSR up to Tier 5 tanks and other nations to varying lower tiers, all without ever having a premium account. Likely 1,000+ hours was invested there.

The Good: 
-Beautiful engine that is able to handle air combat, tank combat, and soon naval combat all in the same single game client, and sometimes in the same game mode.
-No HP bar. Vehicle internals and crew placement are simulated, armor thickness relative to angle is simulated. If your shot penetrates and hits something critical, it matters. If it passes through empty 'dead space' within the chasis, it does nothing.
-Tier 1 through 3.5 is fun, especially in tank combat.
-Varying authenticity levels available. Arcade is fast paced, while simulation and realistic are slower with more difficult controls.

The Bad:
- The sense of progression slows down immensely beginning in Tier 3.5 - Tier 4. There is a tarpit in the transition between late WW2 and 1950's postwar tech in Tier 4 - 5, especially with tanks. If you get downtiered against earlier WW2 tanks, your late WW2 tank may have a small advantage. But if you are uptiered against post-war tanks, they will easily outperform you in every way and farm you for kills. Progression XP requirements and repair costs increase exponentially. Due to being outclassed at least half the time, it becomes difficult to consistently earn repair currency or any XP without either dropping back to farming lower tiers with a serious XP penalty, or buying expensive post war premium vehicles.
- Arcade may be the fastest paced game mode but it also attracts the lowest quality players - they troll by ramming, friendly fire teamkill via call in bombardment or bombing, and complain constantly in the team chat. There is a report function but it never seems to be acted upon by moderators.

The Ugly:
-As a company, Gaijin refuses to let you change the email attached to your login for any reason. They don't care if it was your ISP email and you switched providers. They don't care if you used Yahoo 3 years ago and want to change it to secure it after the recent breaches. They don't care how much time or money you invested in the account. Management decided no exceptions because they are scared of people abusing tech support to enable the selling of accounts. Even though you can look at Google and see that account farmers just sell throw away emails with the game account, so the policy is futile.

Do not link an email to your Steam War Thunder account. Do not give them a cent in premium purchases. If anything happens to your email, you cannot recover the account and they will not help you.

The game is better than World of Tanks, but the company behind it is anti-customer and for stupid and ineffective reasons at that. If you play it, only play it for free.
IMPOSSIBLE TO CONTACT GAijin SUPPORT !!!!

Yesterday i had about 9500 Golden Eagles.
Today when i logged on i suddenly had minus 652 Golden Eagles (-652)
Since i have spent REAL MONEY on these GE i would very much like to have them back.
Has someon hacked the game ? how is it possible to have a negative amount og GEs ?

No tickets refer to this problem.. so it is impossible for me to send at ticket.. And they have no mail adress to send support related stuff. 
So thank you very much Gaijin for stealing around 500 NOK (50 Euro) from me...

Incredible poor customer service !
First of all, the good;

This game has amazing graphics, and is incredibly optimized. I'm barely kidding when I say this thing could probably run on a toaster.

This game has a huge variety of aircraft from all of the major players of ww2.

For the most part, airplane flight models are accurate and well balanced based on real life statistics.

There is a gamemode for everyone, want to play a highly realistic flight simulator mimicking real life? Simulator batles for you. Want an easier time but still a challenge, realistic flight models and mouse aim? Historical/realistic (the name changed). Just want to spam the cannons and mess around while pulling top gun maneuvers with flight models being only suggestions? Arcade has you covered.

There is a decent variety of maps, varying across the world.

Want to drive tanks and other vehicles? Go ahead and play ground forces.

Beautifully detailed aircraft exteriors and interiors.

But wait, with all of this great stuff, mostly gameplay and mechanics, why don't you recommend this?
And here we get to the bad;

Gaijin is very slow to implement updates to their game, and have consistently ignored player feedback/ suggestionz to make the game better, for absolutely no reason.

Gaijin has consistently made game decisions with the intent of making money, to the detriment of players by;

      Creating a system that limits progression by forcing players to purchase six aircraft in each of the five tiers in order to      progress on to the next tier.

    Adding a research system as well as the purchasing system to force players to spend more time unlocking aircraft.

    Reducing the money and research points earned for each kill and assist in game.

    Create an upgrade system for each aircraft requiring you to spend time researching parts for your aircraft just to get it up to the stat characteristics it historically had

    Gaijin have locked country flags behind a paywall to "prevent insults by disrespecting flags". However these flags are easily purchasable for real money. 
     For all of these there is a way to speed up the progression by spending real money. Gaijin have slowed down   progression to such a degree that you are almost forced to pay real money in order to progress in a decent fashion.  

There is much that needs to be improved, for instance better flight models, a vast improvement to the leveling system and tiering system. Cockpit view for bombers and other heavy aircraft. What is not needed, and what is contantly added, is more premium (and expensive) aircraft.

, for the past couple of years during sales gaijin will raise the base price of a game and then discount it to such a degree that the final price will be the original price before the sale. This is a shady and unethical buisness practice.

The endgame for war thunder (jet aircraft) is lackluster and unfinished, providing no motivation to stay once money has been given to gaijin.

Finally, the tiering system, by which players are matched up against each other, is horribly inefficient and compressed, meaning players will be competing against far superior planes, and altogether making it unenjoyable for beginners.

For these reasons, I cannot recommend war thunder to players for purchase. If you can play this game without paying any money, then by all means go ahead, but it has become harder and harder to justify paying for this game.

This game has so much promise, and I desperately hope that all of these problems can be solved, however on the current path, it cannot reach it's full potential.



Game was really fun years ago before they started messing with the economy. You used to actually be able to unlock things without suffering too much. Now, several years after adding ground vehicles (which I thought would replace World of Tanks for me), the economy is so awful, with you making pitiful amounts of exp and credits and many of the vehicles have been gimped with awful initial components with high research prices to criminally incentivize you to just buy your way past many of them (really FPE and basic repair kits don't come with tanks and cost a 3rd of the tanks value in exp?), combined with broken balancing just makes this not a fun game for me. Unfortunately its the only game I know of that currently offers the realistic experience that it does, but I still can't recommend it because of the tactics the company uses and how they treat the community.
War Thunder has been going downhill at a very alarming rate for the last year or so. I would have recommended the game 4 years ago when it still had the benefit of the doubt, but now I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. 

1.57- This might be a fiarly good patch. Tons of new maps, planes, tanks, EC changes, and increased bomb damage(?). The only thing that I dont like is the complete kills on a tanks crew. It is sometimes difficult or impossible to pen a tanks hull, which means you will not get the kill if the last crew member switches to the drivers seat.


 I could see the mechanic being usefull for a tank with two crew, but have the guts and brains of your 6 friends splattered all over the tank would prevent me from freely moving around the cabin. It doesnt impact me much though, I only really play in the air war.

Edit- Alright, I think Gaijin finally did it. They have completely killed my desire to play ground forces. Complete kills are almost as worthless as the crew locks and spawn camping. At least I can still fly my planes as long as I take off within 30 seconds...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

More edits- Apperently, they found a way to screw up the high tier BR even more. F80s and Hortons are now matched up with sabers and mig 17s and late war tanks now must fight the best of the cold war tanks. Random sim mode was deleted and the T-34s were given ammo that they never had. I think im done with this game for a while.



EDIT- I have been playing the game again at a friends request and I have noticed some good changes.

-They seem to have taken notice to us Simulator mode players and are catering to us a little bit more.

   -We now have a somewhat polished version of EC mode that looks like it will be sticking around for a while this time.

  -For the first time in recorded history, they actually listened to us and kept the normal sim mode in too. It is nowhere as good as the old sim mode, but at least they didnt make it worse this time.

   -They fixed the aircraft rendering at long ranges, no more 1km wide planes when viewed at long ranges. Long range spotting was way better at the launch of 1.55, but this is better than how it was a few weeks ago.


Its nice that they stick the occasional muffin in the piles of dog shit we get for every patch. Its better than nothing, I guess.
_________________________________________________________________

Such a great idea for a game that is completely ruined by greedy and blind devs. Here are a few reasons why you should stay away from this slime.


* Matchmaking was bad, but they just put a bullet in its head in the last patch. Cold war tanks/jets are now able to fight late war planes with matchmaking that completely favors Russia in every way.

* Zero involvement with the community. Normally, listening to the players and adding what they think the game needs will make the game better. These guys dont even care about the players anymore, they hired REALLY bad moderators for the forums and straight up ban people who dont hail them as gods.

* Plenty of broken promises everywhere. We were told we would have bomber internals over 4 years ago and they still have yet to add a single one. We were told we would get better matchmaking over a year ago and still have to see a single shred of that. They said they would give us awesome new damage and flight models, we still fall out of the sky if our wing gets scratched. We were told the game would stop at 1952, but they are adding vehicles from the 70s because Russia always has  to one up everyone else. 

* Historical accuracy was thrown out the window. They give Russian planes lower Battleranks so they always play against lower tier planes, this means that 1944 Russian planes fight 1942 and lower German and allied planes. They also like to make Russian planes and tanks WAY more powerful than they actually were

* They keep reducing the armor and power of planes and tanks of the Allied and German forces because they claim that they were just propaganda and they never were that good. At the same time, we are throwing RUSSIAN documents at the devs that show how bad Russian tanks acutally were, and they call it lies and anti Russian propaganda.

* There are plenty of planes that CAN NOT STALL. Most Japanese planes and plenty of Russian planes will not stall, wingtip stall or flatspin in full simulator settings. It is just like flying a spaceship while everyone around you has to obey the laws of physics.


Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this pile of ultranationalistic garbage.
Don't bother with this one.  Over my extensive play time, I have watched Gaijin take a promising, fun game and turn it in to something that is directly opposed to the wishes of their player base, from balance concerns to gameplay changes.  While the core gameplay is still solid and the graphics are honestly quite beautiful, the company behind this game is one of the most dishonest I've seen.  They actively censor any discussion of their game that paints it in a negative light, even going so far as to create a poll asking forum members to choose between changing core mechanics of a game mode, or issuing copyright strikes against any video that discusses hacking in War Thunder.  Add to that their absurdly draconian chat rules and the e-thug moderators that gleefully ban anyone who has the nerve to disagree with them, and you have an environment that is extremely hostile to free speech.  There are better flight games and better tank games out there.  Do not give Gaijin your money or your time.  They don't deserve it.
Grindfest. I've been playing this game casually for years now with the occasional "This is my day" session... And well I still havent unlocked tier 5 vechs.  I've even bought a premium or two. Before you say get better... At a certain you have diminishing returns. Meaning a game i just played before making this review I scored 12 kills and no deaths in a match. This isn't much better than say 4 kills and 3 deaths research wise. The difference is making more money due to not dying. 

Currently researching the next tank that costs 120k Research points. for 12 kills I made 1.8k Rp. So now you see the math you're up against. 

Given the match making system you  want at least 2 vechs of a very close rank thus you really should have 240k for 2 for a match. 

So you're looking at over 200 good matches to play the next battle rank. I'm talking about 6.3... and there are 10 ranks. 
If you play realistic mode you need a plane near the same rank... Which is an entire other tree.

Now you do unlock all 3-4 the vech guess what...? More grinding... Because essential parts are missing. 

There are other F2P games in which companies give out free rewards for loyalty etc. 

Here you grind those. 

Gajin then essentially tells you to fuck off and pay. (Look up stock syndrome on youtube.) 

Most people complain about developers because they don't cater to their idea of balance essentially or next going down a gameplay path not appealing to them. I rarley have animosity towards devs... Here it's straight up greed and middle finger to their customers. 

Those new helicopters and 8.0 and above gameplay may as well be an entierly different game paywalled off. I think the last I bought something was during a GE sale and it was 2-4 dollars a year or more ago . To help speed up crew training. I'm not buying anything else. Guys that blow hundreds to thousands can keep it up if they want.
Don't be fooled by the high ratings of this game. As soon as you play for a longer time you will see the massive racism of the developers and sheer cheek of their pay2win greed.

+The game is pretty
This is it.. it looks good and runs well. The only + in this review.

-Russian bias
It's real, its totally real. Russian planes outright outperform lots of other planes and russian tanks downright deflect shells with magic armor. No surprise the developers are russian. Their response to the bias is that they have "Secret documents" about WW2, probably saying Russia had magic infused armor made from Stalin's bumsweat and nosehair.
Time and time again the community has provided declassified documents themselves, disproving the armor effectiveness and certain nerfs on especially germans, from MANY countries, even CCCP but devs/mods just ignore it/delete it.
[b]I would also like to add that Steam moderators have CONFIRMED that russian bias exists about a month ago from writing this review.[/b]

-Pay2Win
Certain vehicles are behind a paywall going up to 60 euro a vehicle sometimes. These are blatantly better than their free counterparts on the same rating. Special armor, non-exploding fueltanks, the list goes on.
But most irritating are the rocketlaunching tanks. The Callioppe for instance has 60 rockets mounted ontop of a Sherman, each rocket is DEVASTATING for other tanks downright riddling the crew with shrapnel. Add to that a insanely high RoF and a 10 second reload speed. Also the rockets cannot be taken out by shooting the canisters. No surprise its a 50 euro tank.

-Map Design
Partially to blame for the russian bias is the map design. Most maps are made specifically for close range brawler tanks ( russian ) and aircombat always at a low enough altitude to "justify" the russian superiority as russian planes were best at low altitudes ( below 5 km ).
Spawn camping is easily done as you only need to do a small drive of about 30 seconds on certain maps to be in enemy spawn. You have a brief spawnprotection but thats void as soon as you're alive for a few seconds. You drive out of spawn then and boom, someone shot you in your side who was hiding in a bush/behind a rock next to your spawn.

-Battle Rating
The most agrivating and full on bias thing to exist in War Thunder.
Vehicles are classed by a Battle Rating ( BR ) as to balance the matches so a lategame heavy tanks wont face 1920's tanks. 
This is broken, there is no way around it. 
Russian vehicles have favorable BR's to their opponents. Purposely classed lower than what theyre actually worth so they decimate other countries. ( Also outperforming specialised turnfighters with a flying russian brick and magic armor )
How it is supposed to work is your highest vehicle will be chosen and put into a match with +/-1 BR or 1.3 in planes. Seeing as i fight BR 3.3 tanks in my 1.3 tanks, I cannot kill anything.

-Developers
As said earlier they are racist towards anything what isn't russian. Disregarding anyone not speaking russian as less important. Deleting and banning alot of feedback on their own forum and having Steammods delete any negative feedback. Steammods also actively downvote negative reviews reportedly.
Also I think Gaijin spies on what you say via bots as I myself have been banned from chat while ONLY talking in Squadchat with my friends, badmouthing Gaijin. 15 day chatban for hate messages. Only hate against Gaijin though.
Giving russian vehicles magic abilities, nerfing all other countries to oblivion (mostly germans), banning and deleting community for feedback and having a MASSIVE P2W mentality with 50 euro blatantly overpowered vehicles.

Edit: Gaijin forced a youtuber to delete a video he made with footage showing a hacker. They do not want the world to see they cannot handle hackers.

Shame Gaijin, shame. We complain to you because we want to see a good WW2 game but all you do is hide behind your nationalism and hate on us.

Also alot of members of the community are toxic.
Warthunder is great, The devs are not. (I have to mention that I Have Put alot more hours in this game than on steam alone) 

Gajin has screwed over a lot of (loyal) players, and therefore the backbone of their community. they treat us like we are ex Girlfriends that they want to forget about. Most of the people that critisize Warthunder (the awful grind if you don't have a premium account in later tiers, the fact that some BR's are completely unbalanced, etc.) just want to see a game they love get better. But all our comments are in vain, for the devs will have none of it. they'll just delete your comment from the forum (or worse). 

And when you do spend countless hours and  a good sum of money on it, don't try to switch to ps4, because you need to make a new account on it. so you can start all over again. 

having said this, I will probably go back to it some day. Ships are coming (and let's be honest, i'm just a sucker for this game) I'm just trying to play a small part in a very large game, If we let devs screw us over, eventually they will. We have to fix this industry ourselves! 

Now prepare, Fanboys are coming!
i cannot recommend this game in good heart seeing as it downloads sneaky software (gajiin.net) onto your pc, without an option not to. to remove it C;\users[yourusername]\appdata\local\gaijin\ Find all gjafent.exe 
files and DENY their permissions on all user accounts. To do this right click
 the file and select properties. On the security tab highlight each group/user
 and deny permission for all checkboxes.
You want to know if this game is worth trying?

Well, i can say so much that the core gameplay mechanics are decent overall but the balancing/matchmaking system is horrible and this game company has an attitude towards its player base that is so extremely disgusting that i have no words for it....luckily enough, others have:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZxQqhkoq9k
War Thunder is fun, well-developed, and addicting. I hardly have any complaints about the game itself, which makes it a shame that I can no longer even stand it. 

The moderators of this game are the WORST I've ever encountered ANYWHERE, and that's against every website, forum, or game I've had an account on since the age of Dial-Up. The false sense of superiority and lack of basic respect that these Mods exhibit is as angering as the amount of hours I've sunk into a game that I am no longer able to play. I am still in disbelief that EVERY moderator has blown me off, with the exception of the one that replied just so he could call me a Nazi. His empty accusation isn't just offensive, but it's pathetic. I am not a Nazi and I never represented myself to be in any fashion, the mod simply formed an opinion based on my German username and refuses to believe anything different. I have been nothing but pleasant to every moderator, even offering an explanation and a solution to the man who insulted me. Unfortunately, I have received nothing but disrespect in return from the people who are refusing to reinstate my account.

The bottom line is that Gaijin needs to increase their standards of who they accept as moderators before they lose even more players. You can have a perfect game, but no one will play if the people representing the game are rude and demeaning.
War Thunder is a really good game. I'll preface what I'm about to say with that. But Gaijin Entertainment is a horrible company. Do not support them. They see the game not as one, but as a damn treadmill. Like for them, the purpose of the game is for the grind. Not to mention that they only focus on top-tier tanks, which are an absolute hell hole right now. Also, air modes are basically dead from neglect, especially jets. And get this: if you want to buy a single top-tier premium tank(because those are a thing as of a few months ago), it'll cost you $60. $60. For that much I could buy like 3-4 good games. Why the hell would I invest it here? Not to mention that Gaijin treats the forums like a totalitarian dictatorship. They actually remove, censor or belittle anyone with good ideas, complaints, or bug reports. And of course the game is a horribly balanced broken mess because of course it is. Don't play it, you are wasting your time. It expects you to treat the game like it's the only thing you do all day everyday, even with a premium account. Honestly, fuck Gaijin and fuck 'em hard.
I really, really want to recommend this game for people to play. I've been playing this game since late 2012, pre-steam. It has changed so much over the years and it brings me an almost nostalgic feeling thinking of the old days of only air-to-air play and even the old hangar.

That being said, in its current state, it brings me despair. Planes are either underperforming or overperforming. Ground Forces (particularly after Tier 3) is pure cancer. Hacking has certainly gone down, but the issue regarding low-quality mode is still significantly reducing playability for Tank Battles.

Before playing, ask yourself if you're willing to put in the hours upon hours of grinding for the plane or tank you like, or if you're willing to shill out and buy your progression. You can spend thousands of dollars on this game if you're not careful since the grind is just THAT bad now. 

A special mention goes to the RP gains from Tanks. You can get 20+ kills easily if you're skilled and still only make a *tiny* dent in your progression. AND even with premium it takes you hours upon hours of mindless grinding. Without premium, holy ****. I don't want to even imagine how long and tedious it is.

Nonetheless, I will still play this game. I will try to enjoy it and grind through it, nostalgically thinking of all the great times I've had chasing down spitfires in my 109, or bouncing shot after shot in my Maus.

I miss the good ol' days.

#I'veGotAHoleInMyLeftWing
I have been playing War Thunder since patch 1.27, well before it was on steam and I can safely say War Thunder is a great game, it has many things to offer, but I could never recommend it. 

The reasons I would never recommend it are simple. 
The Grind is too harsh in the later game unless you pay for a premium account, something I used to do but no longer will ever again. 
The matchmaking took a turn for the worst many patches back now and Gaijin refuse to admit their failings (the matchmaking makes the late game -tier 4-5- excrusiatingly bad). 
The bugs, many of which have been around as long as I have played it, are prevelant and will, I assume, never be addressed. 
But the be all and end all reason I could never recommend War Thunder to anyone is that Gaijin don't care about their community, they couldnt care less about anyone playing the game unless they come from Russia and lets never get in to the horrible pains of dealing with customer support (it doesnt exist). 

At the very least if you do play War Thunder, don't ever give the bastards your money.
I played this game a lot and I had a lot of fun... but I fell out of love with it the last few months. I attributed it to burn-out, uninstalled it, and had no intention of leaving a review.

But then I went to open Steam Friends in the taskbar. And I saw that snail icon. Gaijin has decided to make the War Thunder launcher actual, textbook malware. If you install this game, you will not get it off without manually scrubbing every file it touches off your system. 

Uninstall from Steam > Still There
Uninstall from Windows > Still There
Third-Party Uninstaller > Still There

This wouldn't be so bad if it didn't rob your bandwidth by auto-updating whenever it pleases. Gaijin says "this is an option, just turn it off". But trust me, you can't. It will re-enable itself the next time you reboot. It refuses to die.

Do not install this malware. Please use the flag button on the Store page to report this product, malware is completely unacceptable to be hosted by Steam and I would be surprised if defying the Steam uninstall isn't against their ToS.
Do you enjoy straightforward gameplay? Do you value reasonable game design? Steer clear of this game then. 

As much as this game was "fun", it was an abusive one where the stockholm syndrome only grows the more time (and money) you throw into the endless pit. I realized that mistake 1800+ hours and countless $$$ too late.

Here's a concise list of things that make the game very """fun""" /s :

-Excessively abusive F2P monetization:
Grinding modules to make your vehicle remotely competitive (or in the case of naval/tanks, even remotely playable. Hope you enjoy burning to death in your freshly unlocked USS Fletcher or Panther ausf. D). Or you could open your wallet and slap down $10-$30 for every new vehicle you unlock to get it to tip-top condition! 

-Consistency...
...or rather, the lack thereof in this game. Enjoy physics-defying armored cars bombing around at 50 mph on sand? Love how a 20mm used by the British magically gets double the damage when mounted on an American plane despite firing nearly the same ammo? Then this is for you!!!

-Balance...
... of a drunken bear that's got a ABV above 0.4
If you're looking for any semblance of fair matchups, this isn't the game. You either learn to follow the meta, or die miserably trying to resist it. It's worse in the past year where premium vehicles have slowly become more powerful over their tech tree counterparts/competitors, with a price hike to boot for the top-end premiums. 


This game could have so much potential if the developers stopped trying to monetize off of player frustration and hatred, but they refuse to. This is a game with so many "could"s but an equally large number of "won't"s. A collection of wasted potential destroyed by incompetence. 

3/10, at least the game looks pretty and has above average optimization.
Alright. here is my honest opinion on this game... The game is fun.. the grind for tanks is to high.. And they are focusing more on tanks than planes. My bigest problem with this game is the community and the moderators... If you say anything bad about the game or how they could make it better. They delete your post. I had posted on the forums about how they are forgetting the plane community as a whole... and my post got deleted. So I am no longer supporting this game.. After putting in $100s of dollars... Its almost not worth it at this point... So.. Fun game overall... the Moderator / dev community for this game Has lost my support.. I feel betrayed by them...
They just applied a global formula to completely screw with tank shells and change the meta landscape. Everything is screwed up and a lot of tanks are either underperforming or overperforming now. If you're starting new or coming back, stay away until they fix this shitstorm. They're also adding rank 7 vehicles like the Challenger 2 but it won't matter because top tier gameplay requires you to have invested a huge amount of time and/or money into this game so don't be fooled by their fancy announcements. Truth be told it's not as amazing as it looks. Run around, point and click. If you want the same experience, go play the Crusader Mark II, much lower rank and much easier to get. Toptier is unplayable without premium as every shot costs you an arm and leg and tank repair costs are through the roof. Planes too.

I have nearly 1600 hours at the time of writing, but I have more from before I got the steam client. I can safely say the developers currently have no intention of fixing their godforsaken game and will continue to push new content inaccessible to most of the population. The game used to be fun at lower ranks, but now that's irrelevant too.

Will change review if they actually fix the game
Good game with bad devs, play it once or twice and you'll love it, play it over a few updates and you will quickly realize that the game is only going downhill from here.
On 02/11/19, Gaijin switched from using real physical gun penetration test data to a series of formulas that fail to take into account several important factors to armor penetration. As a result, they have once again screwed up matchmaking, any balance that might have existed, and just plain pissed everyone off by doing this. Utterly pointless and uncalled for.
Fun to play at Tier 3 but the grind at anything higher is just WAY TO MUCH!!!!! if they increased XP on higher tier by 1000% then ill gladly play again.
--The Good-- Combat is fun and engaging! Air and ground forces are unique and interesting. When battles go well (Balanced teams) The game is very exciting and rewarding! There are game modes for everyone. The game is split up in Arcade Battles (For new players) Realistic Battles (For veteran players and people looking for more authentic vehicle characteristics) And Simulator Battles (For experianced players looking for a challange)

--The bad-- The grind for better machinery gets old pretty quick. Arcade battle hold the majority of the player base, causing the game to feel a little empty at higher skill game modes. If a team is loosing in a realistic air battle, but has slightly more ground units alive on the map, That player just flees from battle by flying off to the very far edge of the map where no one can find them OR if they have a fast plane they just outrun all the other players and climb away from battle, resulting in a 30 minute long game of hide and seek where no one wins just because the losing player was salty about losing. This issue doesn't happen all the time but it happens WAY too often.

--The Ugly-- Battles can be short and unfufilling. Some end in just 5 to 10 minutes. Spawn camping is often a problem in battles that allow respawning. Bombers are almost useless in realistic air battle unless you cheese the enemy team with a bunch of bombers, ending the match early, robbing players on both teams of gameplay, and leaving a lot of players upset. Realistic battles, Arcade battles, Single missions, Dynamic campagins, and Simulator battles all have not been changed or really updated in many years plaguing battles with balance/gameplay issues that have never been resolved and likley never will be. Some players (Myself included) are concerned that Gaijin cares far more about making money than making a beter game. Every major patch just adds new content instead of fixing outdated game modes. Map rotation sometimes doesn't seem to exist. Forcing you to play on the same map 10 or more times in a row.

--Final thoughts-- Honestly... Warthunder holds a very close place in my heart... but I can't reccomend it. 
It has too many small issues that, while not enought to keep new players from trying out the game, have many older players leave the game in disgust... Gaijin keeps adding content to keep players interested which on its own isnt a bad thing, but needs iron out the rinkles that have been in the game for many years now. 
Eventually Warthunder becomes exausting...
If you haven't played but really want to, dont spend a single dollar on this game until you have played for at least 200 to 300 hours. Then see how you feel. I want to love Warthunder, but it still needs work it might never recieve. 

--TLDR-- Don't play until the game gets fixed, Its a not a bad game but has had issues for many years that need to be fixed.
Update to my review at the bottom.

VR support: they think the Vive is not 'gamer friendly', but they'll support it 'eventually'. Rift support still doesn't work properly. If you want a flightgame for VR look elsewhere.

I'll admit, I'm hooked on this game. But I just can't recommend anyone waste money on this game in the sorry state it is in now. Any player feedback talking about bad things in the game is met with passive aggressive responses from Mods, or just downright hostility. This is just one of the reasons there is no way for player intervention to fix the biggest issues currently with the game. I'm not here to explain the basic concept of the game, just the complete trainwreck this game is becoming. I'll start with my gripes with Simulator, the biggest problem:

They refuse to admit that its unfair to have third person view available for Bombers, none of the heavy bombers have cockpits at all to speak off, they basically get this virtual cockpit that makes you feel like you're flying a drone than a WWII bomber. They said they would implement bomber cockpits over 2 years ago, they started with the Pe-2/3 series aircraft, with nothing to show for it since then. Bombers in Simulator also get manual gunner control, with the same accuracy and visual awareness they get in Arcade and Simulator, while fighters in those modes also have the same accuracy and visual awareness as bombers, its not an imbalance problem per se. While back in Simulator fighters have no such luxuries, you're confined to a modeled cockpit, with no view besides what the pilot himself would see.

Even today they've admitted that bomber cockpits are a 'long term goal' and that there are more important things to implement, such as more tanks post Korean War. British Tanks, Italian tech tree, More end tier jet aircraft, such as the Vampire, more bombers like the Do-17 series[i](With no modeled cockpit either mind you)[/i] They instead want to implement more vehicles as if that's a more pressing matter than finishing the actual vehicles already in the game. They also have no intention of changing the way bomber gunners work at all, so you'll still have that amazing third person view even with implemented cockpits. The Simulator community used to be a pretty good size when I started playing this game, most people left because they just don't do anything to improve Simulator, player counts keep dropping. They use this as an excuse to not not do anything for Simulator, because the player count is complete rubbish compared to Arcade. Like no wonder man.

Talking about post Korean War stuff. They've had the issue where nobody is playing high tiers 5, the way the game is anything jet powered is in tier 5, regardless of its performance. Anything propeller driven is tier 4 or below, regardless of its performance. For a long time the Me 262, the worlds first introduced Jet fighter 1944, was facing Korean War sabres from the 1950's, it even became its own joke on the net: http://wiki.warthunder.com/images/f/f4/Me_2OP62_-_Back_to_the_Future.jpeg 

The War Thunder Player Council, WTPC, was made up mostly as a PR stunt with voted player representatives, designed for improving communications between Gaijin[i](the game developer)[/i] and the player base. They managed to do a few things, like get the overtiered Me 262 to stop facing the best Korean War vehicles out there such as the Sabre and the Mig-15bis. But everything they've done is pretty much moot following Gaijin's "Quantatitive Restrictions" matchmaker just in the last week, the intention being that if you have a team of weak planes, against the other team of weak planes, with 4 or so really really advanced planes on each team, that they'll end up getting all the kills and the rest are dead meat. They've basically destroyed everything the WTPC had done to fix the 'end game' as they call it. 

The complaints from players has always been that there was overcompression with the high tiers. But instead they just overcompress it even more, so everything from the Korean war and post is now facing WWII Jets and props. The performance devide is so big you can't get it anywhere else in the game. They've done the same with tanks too so you have what was arguably the best tank in the game, the T-10M, a Cold War tank from the Russians, facing German WWII tanks from 1944. This was all done to lower the queue times, they thought it was such an problem that people only queued in the T-10M and IS-4M, so they decide to bring the lower tiers into their games. It should have been obvious from the get go that everyone spam queued the IS-4M before they introduced the T-10M, introducing that tank was such a huge mistake. When no other nation has anything close to it.

That isn't even the best part, they've even given tanks such as the tier 4; IS-2 1944, ammunition that was developed years later, the BR-412D, only ever used on the IS-3 and IS-4M, but they give the IS-2 it in the name of "balance", its got a similar penetration as the APCR shell the Germans in the same tiers get, APCR has no explosive filler, but this shell the Russians got has even more explosive filler than the normal shells the Germans get. Insane.

All this has brown up on the forums, months ago any discussion on the "ABuse" of bombers in Simulator was met with a swift warning from a specific Senior Moderator and the threads locked. Guy thought he was 'helping' us by silencing our arguments, as if they didn't exist. As if enemy bombers landing on your airfieild and killing you on spawn with [b]no way to stop it[/b], over and over, is not abusive in any way at all. Here are youtube videos of exactly what I'm talking about: [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zgfRoZchgE]Unconventional AAA[/url],
 [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Zrvujd0IQ]No such thing as ABuse[/url],
 [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJFIVJAdwzg]Spawn Camping[/url],
all this is 100% okay according to them.

The term "ABuse" and "ABuser" originates from how easy it is to do good with bombers in Simulator, where you openly have people admit on the forums and elsewhere on the internet, those that mostly play Arcade, "Arcade Battles user" play bombers in simulator only because its easier than in Arcade or Realistic, in order to be able to grind jets faster, and only because its easier, its much harder for fighters to take down bombers in Sim than it is in Realistic, where bad bomber pilots would be toast, while in sim even the worst pilot ever, as long as he can keep the plane in the air, can be the best player on the team.

For as long as you have such incompetent 12 year olds moderating their forums who can't even punctuate properly in any form. There will be no way to even get this message across to the developers because those 12 year old moderators will outright prevent your message from reaching them. But its not just them, even the top guys doing the decisions for the game have no clue what's going on, its as if nobody at Gaijin even plays Simulator at all, or the game in general when it comes to how they're handling tier 5 stuff.

I will only stick with this game for now because I'm a co-leader of a squadron in-game, and I'm not going to abandon them because the game is falling apart.

EDIT: The game still advertises its self as being an MMO, its the same 32 player limit you see in TF2. is TF2 an MMO? No? Then War Thunder isn't either.

Update March/April 2016: Most prominent moderator I mentioned is still a Senior Moderator. But hasn't shown his/her face in the Simulator Battles Discussion part of the forum in a long time. WTPC is non existent. They just introduced the P-61 heavy fighter, without a cockpit. Its currently the most devastating aircraft to face in Simulator. Now you get 'captured' when you land on enemy airfields. Simulator is still treated like it's just DLC.

The following video explains more because I'm reaching the character limit for reviews: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=latDD3xmQMM
While the Gameplay is mostly good, the pay to win/play here is outragous. Rank 5 vehicles cost so much money to repair and buy ammo for, that using them at all is more likely to make you lose money than gain them. Money and XP doesn't scale very well either, so you get 40% more XP while playing a Tier 5 tank or plane, but vehicles cost much more, a Tier 3 vehicle cost something like 61,000 XP and you gain 148% XP from using them, while a Tier 5 vehicle cost 380,000 and you gain 200% xp for using it. That's around 33% more xp, but vehicles are 600% more expensive. So you get millions of "free" xp, but it requires real life money to use. A single rank 5 vehicle to buy with your "free" xp actually cost you 40 real life euro. Per vehicle. 

Buying with real life money, using your "free" xp, the 12 main tier 5 vehicles, for just the Soviet Faction, will be 480 euro. And these vehicles will have no upgrades, so they can't be repaired and will be subpar to other vehicles which are identical but have upgrades which of course also are bought with real money. Buying all the tier 5 vehicles for air and ground in this game with real money, Around 5,000 euro. 

So you may want to do the grind, but hey, if you don't buy premium get ready to one hell of a grind indeed. If you get in average 1000 xp, by breaking even at tier 5, you'll have to play 380 matches playing one tank to get one new one. In realistic this can be 20 minutes or more per match. But roughly 100 hours in a single vehicle, to get a single new one, then repeat.

Of course Gaijin offers you a cheap way out, you can buy premium vehicles at just 40-60 euro, and you'll get 100% increase in XP, you could also buy premium subcription and get another 100% XP. Don't you want that? Just 100 Euro for this free game, so you can save yourself 50 hours of grind? You know you want it. Just 20 euro more. 

This game costs 20,000 euro to buy all the contend for.
TL;DR: Overwhelming amounts of grind, terrible forum moderation, developers completely out of touch with the player base, P2W.

Preface: My Steam game time is not the representation of my experience with the game; I have been playing this game on and off since February 2013 and Gaijin somehow manages to make the game worse and worse with each update. Every patch could be summarized as “One step forward, two (or more) steps backwards”.

I started out after patch 1.27 came out. I admit. back then matchmaking was pretty unforgiving but the game was a lot of fun. It was easy to make credits, easy to progress, good times overall.

Then, patch 1.29 came. This patch made earning credits much harder. This made a lot of players switch to "Historical battles" mode, which had a much higher cap on credits earned. But because the earnings were still low, players were buying this plane called "Dora". High tier German fighter. Many players were playing it, which led to horrible matchmaking, where this plane would often get matched with low tier planes.. I remember facing it in my tier 4 Spitfire (the Dora was rank 13 at the time).

Next patch remedied this somewhat, but they added this stupid feature called "Battle trophies". Basically a random chance to get some credits after a match. Pure randomness. Gaijin actually thought this was a good solution. 

Sometime after that, they introduced upgrade system. This is where the "World of Tankification" started. Before this, planes had no upgrades save for two, which had a very tiny impact on the performance. But now, fully upgraded plane was about 30% more powerful than stock one. So you had to go back and grind out all of those upgrades if you wanted to be competitive. To be fair, we also got ammo belts in this update, but still - one step forward, two steps backwards.

Then came the dreaded patch 1.37. Prior to this patch, you would gather XP into a big pool of 20 levels, after the bar was full, you would unlock a bunch of planes. With the new system, the progression was changed into 5 levels, where you have to unlock 6 planes of one level before you can move on. This made the grind about 4 times longer while devaluing the XP conversion for real money at the same time. Gaijin also lied to the players when they said you would be able to just go down one plane line (bombers, naval fighters, etc). This was not true, the only point of the new system was to get people to pay more money. This update was also accompanied by new matchmaking system called Battle Rating. Each plane has its BR value, which is determined not by plane performance, but by player performance in that plane. This is just as stupid as it sounds and even to this day, there are some hilariously under tiered planes. Such as premium P-47 that can actually go up against biplanes.

Then, there were tanks. Of course, they introduced expensive packs for early access into the tanks.To be fair, this was the only time when the game was fairly balanced. And it was fun too - you only needed 2 tanks to advance to the next tier. 
After full tank release, the XP gain was really low compared to planes. Gaijin again lied about this - first they said the XP gain would be adjusted as more tanks are added, but it has remained the same to this day. Unlocking a tank tree takes about 4x longer than unlocking an air tree.

Then there was the P2W. Tiger II is too good? Here's a T29! Only 40 dollars!
Oh, Soviets don't have any good heavy tanks? Here, IS-6! Only 40 dollars!
Oh no, the IS-6 is giving you hard time? Here's Ru-251! With ammo that can slice through the frontal armor! Only 40 dollars!

They also introduced Bushes for IRL currency. First, they costed 1000 GE (I think) for a pack of 6, then Gaijin claimed this was a sale and now they cost 500 GE per piece. Now, these bushed give you a pretty big advantage in battle - not because they make you harded to see, but because they hide your weak spots, which is a big deal in a game mode with no markers.

Then they denied cheating was even possible in War Thunder, and when a youtuber uploaded a video of these cheats, they came out and said asked the community if they would rather have them ban anyone who mentions these cheats, or completely ruin the game mode by adding markers so that cheats are less effective. No word about combating these cheaters though. They have started banning them though, but people at Gaijin tend to be very dense.


Now, the 1.71 patch. While it did nothing inherently bad, they introduced a new tier of tanks along with 50 dollar premium tanks (starting to see the pattern here?). This update is only for whales since 95% of the player base will never get to these tanks because of the intense grind required.

The forum mods are always on powertrip. They just keep making up stupid forum rules, so they have even more ways to ban you for criticism, disagreeing with moderation and even reporting bugs and making suggestions.

Back to the grind in tanks - you need to research two separate modules if you want to put out fires and repair your tank in battle. Gaijin defended this with stupid claims such as  "it creates tension" and so on. Just to illustrate how stupid it is - imagine starting out with 50 health in CSGO and having to kill a certain amount of enemies before you can even have 100 health. And you would have to do the same before you could buy Kevlar vest and a helmet. Seriously - what other game has such a stupid mechanic?

I have almost 300 battles in Leopard A1A1 and I still have not unlocked all the upgrades. And that is with a premium account.

The developers do not care about what the community wants - they will make the game they want to make, and hopefully it will be the same game players will want to play.

The graphics and core game play are both very nice, but that is not enough to save War Thunder.

Unfortunately, this game is merely a shadow of its former self - the best time to play was 3 years ago. Now they are just milking the player base as much as they can.

Overall verdict - 5/10. Do not play this for more than a few hours, and certainly do not spend any money. There are many better games that you could be playing, even for free.
A fun game that is sadly getting worse with every update. 
Abysmal money grabbing Devs that have no idea how to balance or use their own Battle Rating matchmaking system, if there were any competitors at all in the WW2 simulation niche Warthunder would have tanked a long time ago.
[h1]My History with War Thunder[/h1]
I've been playing War Thunder for about 4 years now (on and off due to not having a powerful enough PC) mainly before War Thunder came to Steam but steadily tracking the growth of the game. Back in the Golden Age of War Thunder, there was only air battles, no tanks, no helicopters, and no ships. Of course there were flaws with the game like the economy, RP ("research points" to unlock new vehicles) gain and Silver Lion (main currency to purchase vehicles) gain, but despite these problems War Thunder was incredibly fun. Then Ground Forces were introduced to the game, grab a tank, queue up and duke it out. I was completely open to the idea of tanks being added to the game as long as it was done properly.

[h1]How I Feel About War Thunder Now[/h1]
Personally I believe this game is slowly being killed by Gaijin Entertainment, a few months ago we had a major update, Update 1.81 “The Valkyries” which adding many new helicopters, some top tier tanks which most people won't play unless they open the wallet, and 2 new planes for pilots, one of them just being nothing but a reskin. This is the first real bit of content plane pilots in the game have seen in a while. Air realistic battles or Air RB is probably the most popular game mode for planes which has been simply abandoned. There are flaws with it and many people try to let Gaijin know about these problems but they respond with an update releasing new premium tanks, and more top tier tanks which will take a new player an unbelievable amount of time to grind out. I like to think of Air RB as a former War Thunder YouTuber (theOrangeDoom) said is "Gaijin's bastard child", it has been forgotten. The game is unbelievably and unreasonably grindy without having to pay. If your response is "well Gaijin's a company and they have to make money somehow" your opinion just isn't wanted. There is a line that you don't cross where you're trying to make money to where you're trying to milk new players by keeping the hype train going and Gaijin have crossed it. A few days ago update 1.83 "Masters of the Sea" was released where ships and helicopters were put on the live server when a couple months ago they already released a major update. In my eyes Gaijin is just rushing updates to keep the hype train of more, and more, and more new content being released to drain new players of their money. Instead of fixing the problems they have they add more stuff, new tanks that you'll never be able to drive, ships that are just an absolute mess, and helicopters to go with that wonderful Challenger 2 or M1 Abrams that you'll never get unless you start filling their pockets while emptying yours.

[h1]My Conclusion[/h1]
War Thunder, once a game full of youthful energy and passion, has become a destitute husk of what it once was. With horrifically rushed updates that milk both new and old players of their money and flashy trailers of content only few will ever obtain (without a credit card) it has twisted what was once a wonderful game, into a stagnant pay to progess more than it has ever been, shitpile masked with the face of a shiny modern vehicle.

[h1]Update 1 - 2/16/2019[/h1]
Yesterday Gaijin released a development blog announcing Tier 7 and the Challenger 2. The problem with this is, there are an insane amount of holes in Tier 6 tanks, Tier 6 planes only came out a few months ago and Germany, Japan, Italy, and France are missing these aircraft. Not to mention the naval isn't finished due to Japan, Italy, and France not having these ships, also these four nations are lacking helicopters. It's like Gaijin is [b]trying[/b] to kill the game.

[h1]Update 2 - 2/19/2019[/h1]
Once again as Gaijin does they rush content and already announced a new jet. Although aircraft are widely requested due to Gaijin barely giving any attention to pilots, maybe fixing the game and all of its glaring issues is more important at the moment.
Havve a couple of thousand hours up on Steam and a fair few hundred more prior to the Steam release.   So I feel confident enough to write the following review;

"This review was censored by Gaijin"
Game is great but Gaijin traes its customers like garbage, my account got hacked from Russia (as they happens often to hundreds of accounts in batches), we caught this in minutes the hacker just spent all my golden eagles in stupid stuff. The answer from Gaijin is its our responsability to keep account safe and they wont restore anything stolen.

Now, my password is a very safe one yet it got forced, my account is from Spain where it has always been logged in from, someone logs from Buriatia (next toMongolia) and Gaijin doiesnt have even the most basic security check like blocking the acces until confirmed legitimate.

Be very careful to spend any money in this game you will llose it all and they dont give a ratss ass about their customers.
So my brother who is in the Air force based overseas just got hacked.  He has been playing since pre release.  One of the few things we can do together is game.  Gaijinn just told him in an email "too bad so sad" and that they would not help him in replacing what was stolen, or return his account to it's original status.  I have never encountered a CSR response that wouldn't help their long term customer with a security breach issue.  Very dissapointed.
I started playing the Game back in 2013 (Patch 1.27) and it was great. Since then the Game gradually went downhill. The Introduction of an excruciating, unnessecary Vehicle/Module Grind (especially at High Era Vehicles) and the outright broken Battle Rating System. Combined with the sheer amount of broken Features and the dismissal behaviour of Gaijin to Community Feedback, in addition to their Soviet-/Cold War Mentality made me stop Playing the Game a long Time ago.

[h1]The Grind[/h1]

Barely noticeable at low Level Vehicles it will soon begin to get ridiciulous at Mid to High Era Planes where some unlockable Modules will cost more RP than most of the Era 3-4 Planes.
Starting with Patch 1.31, Gaijin continiously reduced the Credit/RP income which forces you at some point to buy a Premium Account and/or overpriced Premium Vehicles. 

Btw: Don´t bother to convert your Free RP via Gold as the Conversion Rate isn´t worth your Money (1:45 Ratio)

[h1]Battle Ratings[/h1]

The Battle Rating System was originally designed to replace the Static 20-Tier System but made the Gameplay with every new major Patch procedural worse as more and more Vehicles are compressing the BR Brackets, resulting in Mid-WW2 Planes sealclubbing Pre-WW2 Biplanes or Korean War Jets clubbing late WW2 Prop Planes. Since its introduction Gaijin claims that the BR System is working as designed which simply isn´t true.

[h1]Gaijin[/h1]

Gaijin went from an open, transparent Company to ignorant, nationalistic Bigots who don´t give a damn about their European/American Playerbase, effectively shielded by their Forum Mods/Community Managers from any constructive Criticism and have an openly sycophancy attitude towards Gaijin. Many of those Mods often resort to trolling and outright abusing their Powers against regular Players. Even Youtuber/Streamer are affected.

[h1]Historical Accuracy and Balance[/h1]

To give them Credit, Gaijin manages to recreate Aircraft/Tank Models with great Details but that´s it. On multiple occasions many Tanks and Planes were "corrected" via "Secret Documents" from unverified Russian/Soviet Sources and were thus stripped from certain Equipment Modules and/or recieved inferior Performance Characteristics compared to their Real-World Counterparts. Most of these were applied to Non-Russian Vehicles. At the same time, many Russian Vehicles recieved considerable buffs (the Best example being Post-War Ammunition added to T-34/T-44/IS-2 Tanks).

This Russian Bias - which is constantly being denied by Gaijin - killed the Game for many of the Players.



tl;dr - I can´t recommend this Game anymore
Let's get some things straight first.

Before you comment my play time, know that I've been here since the very start of 1.27, and I'm still kicking after ( soon to be ) 6 years.

I saw the ad. I saw the gameplay. I decided that no game had ever done something to appease casual players and hardcore lovers of aviation and ground warfare. I had extreme hope for the game. It continued improving and I saw no end in sight.

Then tanks got released. Servers crashed randomly on launch week. I didn't believe the game could get so popular over a single update. But strange things started happening patch after patch. RP rewards became lower and lower. A 10 kill game in RB with a Talisman and premium account could net you 40K+ RP. You got REWARDED for how you performed. Non-premium players didn't get the short end of the stick either.

But they continued to lower RP rewards as new vehicles got added. They started costing more and more. Modules started costing more and more. Some module tiers would cost the same amount of RP as a whole new vehicle. At this point, premium time became something mandatory, a luxury.

Module and vehicle grinding WAS fun, because you could experience new vehicles while getting modules during your free repairs. It was a chore you could enjoy, knowing that you could easily do it again tomorrow.

And now? Doing that same thing equates to scrubbing your whole bathroom every single day for 2-3 whole hours ( if you're lucky to even get one whole module ). It became sickening and absolutely horrid. It's not your everyday house chore, it's a MINIMUM WAGE JOB. That's not something an "entertaining" game would do. It's something salarymen would offer you, without considering the fact you CHOSE to spend your free time on a game you WOULD LIKE TO PLAY, but instead are abused by.

Wake up Gaijin. This is your last chance to do something right. Hell, even benefit from.

Would I have recommended the game couple of years ago? Most likely.

Now? Absolutely not.

---------------------------------------------|EDIT|------------------------------------------------
- I just realized it's 6, not 5 years.
- 70 people? Seriously? Guys, go do something more productive, this is low quality bait.
- People who point things out will get a response. If you otherwise want a discussion, 
  add me.
- Non-constructive attempts to troll will get deleted. Simple as that.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Playtime check - https://i.imgur.com/K0t0h4e.png
Circa ~ 4000 hours logged through finished missions.
Don't start playing this game as the developers have introduced some extremely strict and universally hated economy changes which causes most players lose money after each match. The goal is to cause players to feel they have no other choice but to spend money if they want to keep playing the game.


I've played this game every day for over a year, and until now it was great. However, it's not worth starting or continuing in its current state.

The game itself is mostly good, but the developers are some of the worst crooks you'll ever see.
"...That's enough War Thunder for today."

I am convinced that this is the most repeated sentence by the WT playerbase by far.

Never have I seen such a game where you constantly see potential and have hope for great gameplay, only to have it piss you off to an un-fucking-fathomable extent. I can't speak for the aviation part of WT but ground forces is a mess. If you are not a premium player you have no chance in progressing at a reasonable rate. The matchmaking is horrendous. Often you will put in matches that have landslide result or you will be fighting against tanks that are almost unbeatable by you. The maps are buggy and laid out poorly were you can snipe tanks in their spawn, shoot through hills, shoot through buildings and concrete walls but not a tree, and some maps are very biased toward one team. Ground forces also have planes that players can use with no penalty for dying in the aircraft. This means you can kamikaze into tanks as a bomber and kill them. 

It also pisses me right the hell off that gajin would use p2p or torrenting to distribute updates to players while making it incredibly difficult to turn off p2p and use a http server. Not only is it a system that a professional company shouldn't be using, but in many cases the unorganized nature of the p2p protocol causes client networks to take a dump by not allowing other packets through. Not to mention, by default, you seed the updates too, meaning your upload bandwidth is being used to update other people's game without consent/knowledge.
If you're not some kind of youtube "influencer", you either pay up ridiculous amount or grind ridiculous amounts to before you can enjoy this game in any of its forms. 
While that alone is sickening, the Gaijin agent (gjagent.exe) stays behind even after deleting any and all gaijin products. It's well hidden in your user appdata folder, which is hidden too.
Youtube channel "HerpishDerp" has short, yet clear guide on removing the agent, if you need help on deleting that little piece of shit of a malware from your precious PC.
Gaijin HG:
CEO: No one wants to play this game anymore. Any Ideas?
1: Hwo about nerfing the germans?
2: make soviet tanks stronk with more stalinium
3: How about sticking to historically correct data?
CEO: 3, you are fired! *throws 3 out the window*
I really loved the WT while it was in open beta. It really was historically accurate with real plane statistics and I welcomed the WT as modernized IL-2 1946. However in the last few years this game went to shit. Somehow russian planes have the best engines, best aerodynamics and weapons. While in reality these were one of the worst flying planes out there. Same goes for tanks. I mostly play US tanks and the fact that M36 can't penetrate T34 up front is just simply BS. Also the magical power of T34 grants you immortality since you can bounce off 128mm german shells that ripped this piece of technological disaster to pieces. No. Just no Gaijin. Stop it. You're killing your own game because some idiot in the management decided russia to be the best nation of WW2 while in reality it was one of the worst, looking both from political or technological view.

The change of matchmaking makes you go with US starter tank go against T34 1942 which is balanced af. Same goes for planes and everything in the game. Once they said that there won't be any prototypes, yet Germany and Russia got shitload of prototypes including E-100 (Wasn't even fully constructed ever) and Maus. I don't really get why are devs sh**tingng into their own mouths with all this.

Another problem is the historical accuracy at all since US planes have weak engines, UK weapons are innefective and the glorious Russian planes have best stats at everything. The fact that russian vehicles overall had many problems, for example the transmittion on T34 lasted for 30-50km after being completely damaged. The fact that T34 goes for about 30km/h on a terrain is just simple BS. it couldn't go above 15 km/h in terrain due to crappy transmittion. And to shift to 4.th gear you would need some sort of superhuman power. The fact that every russian plane can catch up to US plane is BS aswell. Most of the russian planes had problems with weak engines followed by overheating. Just play some IL-2 1946 and you'll see what I'm talking about.

In overall, due to russian bias in first place, terrible matchmaking on the second place and the great responsivity of the devs I really don't reccomend this piece of WW2 russian biased BS.
Have you ever wanted a game where the Devs strive to make their game the best possible?
Have you ever wanted a f2p game that isn't ruled by greed?

Then run like hell this isn't that game
Company openly admits to abusing youtube's copyright system, break aircraft with no fixes for months, stick to a broken BR system that they said would be fixed within the year, 2 years ago, it's just deplorable business practice and poor treatment of the community.
After 350+ hrs on Steam i can honestly not recomend this game. It sure is realistic and fun to play, but the obvious  russian bias is out of controll. The only people who deny it`s existance are A) from Russian Ethnicity, B) Gajin, C) People who play USSR just because they are OP.

Gajin does not care to fix game breaking bugs exept when they affect Soviet Tanks/Planes.

If they fix all those bugs i happily change my review.

Ps. If you think this is a rage review then you are wrong i am at tier IV in BOTH Soviet and German Tree.
"Gaijin CEO, in response to a PhlyDaily video bringing attention to a WT hack, posted on the forums, telling the community that they can either choose for Gaijin to put arcade markers into realistic battles, or for the community to mob anyone who posts such videos with copyright strikes." 'nuff said
So, this is a tough one for me. I've played War Thunder for a few years now, and it has finally reached the point that I can no longer play the game in its current state. I'm going to say now that I am a JET PILOT and some of these points only apply to JET COMBAT. I'm also going to try and list the points I still like, and that I find noteworthy.

Pros:
-A good arcade flight experience.
-A nice variety of vehicles to drive.
-Fairly realistic physics.

Cons:
-The community moderators censor feedback, and even youtubers like MagzTv and PhlyDaily have been hit with claims, though these claims were rescinded. Simply put, only positive feedback is allowed.
-Jet combat is hopelessly unbalanced for new jet pilots. If you have a MiG-15, F-86 or Hunter F1, you'll be fine. If you're just getting into jet combat, be prepared for a horrible grind, or prepare to open your wallet.
-The company treats its playerbase like idiots. They refuse to share any information on the statistics they use to balance the battle ratings, claiming we won't be able to understand them. 
-The instructor system in realistic prevents players from gettoing out of flatspins, which can happen in midair rams. Its not a bad system, but the inability to turn it off completely without using a joystick in infuriating.
-The company moderators also have the devil's own job of trying to defend the companys actions. This can lead to problems with historical accuracy. This is a quote from a community manager:

"The actual performance of the Meteor and Venom in fact exceed the performace of all F-86 series aircraft"

This is once again referencing the statistics that we are not allowed to see, making sweeping generalisations and in general rebuffing the requests of the community for a rebalance in battle ratings.

All in all, I can't recommend this game to anyone, I have lost my faith in Gaijin entertainment, and I hope in future they fix these issues so I can give them a more positive review. Will I keep playing it? Yeah, until my premium time runs out, then it can sit in my steam library til its fixed.
Played this for several years, had some fun.  In game bias exists, but that is to be expected.  How they treat their community contributors however is unforgivable.  Uninstalled, and closed/canceled my account with them.   In doing so I left behind all the planes and tanks I'd earned whether they were bought with lions, eagles, or earned in events.  Any time I think of starting a new account I just look back to when they practically ordered their forum members to put copyright strikes against any contributor who reports and proves that hacking is going on in their games.  Speaking as a player who has been pilot sniped from 7km away and through a mountain, I find what they've done to be reprehensible.  Lying afterwards and saying they didn't mean it like that is just plain hilarious.  Do I recommend this game?  No, I really can't bring my self to do that, if only because of how they treat people who support them.
[u]Status[/u];

"[b]LOAD OF (Insert bad word here)[/b]"

Game is good but their Customer Service just ruined it and completly justified the complaints you read on the web. It took them a year to mess up and for us to have our first brush with disaster. 

After ignoring the many, and I repeat.... MANY complaints/reviews.... stating WarThunder has no respect, no effort, blown off, lack of responses without reading the initial complaint, ect ect... 

Lest... we abstained and still gave them a year of my money and time.
Like always the Review Crew spends our time getting to the truth, being fair to both sides of the coin. but now... the dragon rears its ugly head.... and we had our first problem in nearly a year (171 hours)... and you will be entertained more with our writings that follow, than the game or customer service. In short, we are completly done with this company and anyone affiliated with it!!

We begin our review...  as we now... ENTIRELY agree with all complaints! After giving them (WarThunder) three (3) months.... to fix a legit, screen shot proven, paper trailing, document provided.... complaint/request for assistance!
Could of not had this any more obvious or proven if written in blood on a wall, with the killer standing there with a gun and a sign around his neck saying he did it! 

No excuse for reundant, pathetic abuse of people, with proven and legit reasonable request(s). 
Then to degrade us when they(WarThunder) were out of options! We thought ok... its time to give back to us for being so helpful and devoted in providing everything and anything requested (even if it had nothing to do with the request) we provided it. 

For months we tried to help WarThunder to help us, patient, super nice people that just got screwed worse than a hooker at a five and dime. Could not believe the HUGE loads (check my hands) of money we have spent, and sadly... and then the comprehensible (HOLY F*ck what a word!)

Back to the story... while away for a week with my son being born (truly freaking exciting past the point of pee!!! ), we returned as many do after many missed updates (9 to be exact in 2 weeks) 
We return to find all our money(gold and coin) items(planes and tanks) gone, along with all experience and funds.. just a blank account.
 
Now to be fair, there was a post saying some updates had data dumps ect... just send us a screenshot and proof and we will do this and that.... ok... so we did.

Account not compromised, black and white proof of purchases, no acitivity on my end and they did nothing! Did not even bother to read the complaint, responded with requesting this and that and then redundantly doing it over and over.. with nothing to resolve in the complaint. So what was a legit complaint now has 8 more things piled on... but now they expected us to go away... so we asked and pleaded. Stated we had proof and sent it more times over than you see boobies on TV!

We received a reply that was... for the lack of a better word(s)... MOTHER EXPLATIVE EXPLATIVE... after ALL THE pateince AND respect, fulfilling request after request, for over a 3 months while unable to play!! 
(Listen people, you can dress a turd and call it chocolate, but its still SH*T!)

It was their (WarExplative) turn to do for us! Three months enough, I believe it is reasonable not to ask any more repititious questions and cater to them. 
We said "there is nothing more we can send you that we havent already." 
A week later we were returned to an email bearing the surreal.... 
"we dont care if you leave, your a bumb ass american and we have a million users that spend money, goodbye dumb American." from SERGI. So now we research and got attorneys looking into things because of the email. They reached dead end after dead end with the same name coming up as the sole person responsible located in Russia.

Explative, few more dirty words and gestures, and then sad face...!

There is no need for that! 
Unprovoked... bah.... 
Mr. Karma we hope checks this review many times over and pays SERGI and the team behind him....
Something with anal beads, super glue and oral suppositories should do.

It proved what we read from others and didnt believe for over a year, being fair like we always are.
Always two sides to the coin... but in this case and thousands of others, the complaints just keep mounting and are more turthful than OJ Simpson bloodsicle, saying he didn't do it for hunger.

So we call all the numbers we could find to discover one person... SERGEI... (Stupid Mother F*cker for short) handles all their USA complaints as the big man.

Ok so nothing I can do, or say, but sorry I was born in a country you dont like. (Here's a gun, use it as a toothpick you racist pig.)

In Closing;

You would think on the business side... here is a great repeat customer, legit to our requests, patient, and proved they had all securities in place, proven NO activity on the account from anyplace on the globe, and provided what we had and spent over the past year from their (WTF) own records... so lets give these items back to him and figure out where they went... but NO... not one reply had anything to do with our request. But because he from the USA... wow... just no words.

While they have the "loose one wont break the company" mentality, those who supported their game and company for a year and still giving them a chance... with one complaint with legit backing and proof provided... and what did we get... A HUGE D*C* in the AS* with a side order of HUGE (Plenty of follow thru) SLAP then BEATING in our face! So after this for just a polite simple request that even had humor in it, and a proven complaint with legit screenshots and purchase information, there is nothing they can do or say to justifiy it as training as more than one CS agent in all our tickets repeated the same thing.

No excuse for reundant, pathetic abuse of people with proven legitimate complaints that were poilite, respectful and gave them everything and then some to their requests.  Sad it took us a year for our first problem to discover such terrible abuse! Dont find out what we did, it may not happen in a month or a year but if you have anything you need for your account, simple or extensive... good luck.. go talk into a fan and have someone pour acid thru the other side... it would at least give back! 
(ok.... dont really do it, no one should hurt themselves over these terrible people who f*ck people over daily man or woman)

WARGAMING.net is where your money is appreciated and respected we have also supported for years as well... at least they are fair, read the complaints, share and compare facts and still even if you are found to be somewhat incorrect or interpret something incorrect, they take care of you, no issue, no hassle in my two prior problems in six years.
Actually they read out review and told us if that happened to us, we have a direct contact line, we fortuanately never have had to use to date. Still works too... yay.




Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!
I've 2k+ hours in this game. I love it, period. But game is changing fast, and old "problems" are still here.

GRIND: The grind is horrible. I'll repeat it: horrible. Even with a Premium account when you're at tier IV, you're up for a LONG grind. And a boring one, you'll do the same battles again, and again, and again.
Balance Systrem: The BR system (Balance Rate) is still very bad at some point, you'll fight vehicles really better than you: you'll get seal-clubbed.
Customisation: WT is putting more and more things behind a paywall, some which used to be unlockable (by kills or bombing) like skins or decals, which used to make the grind less visible (you earn stuff during your grind, so you didn't think much). This is really bad since WT used to be ahead of its competitor thanks also to the customisation possiblity.
Playbase: better than others MMO. Changing lately, but it's not too bad. Be aware however that some MODs can abuse of their power, and you can get a day(s) ban because they can.

Summary: a very good game if you play it from times to times. Before I could without a doubt say: "put money, it's worth it". Now? I think you shouldn't put too much money, Premium account is a must-have though.

EDIT: I maintain my review, the game is getting worst and worst. Don't give them money, it's not worth it at all now.
Fix your BR compression. I shouldn't have to fight post war tanks in a ww2 tank EVER. "We strive for realism" Prove it. Don't just say it. I'd rather sit in a queue for three hours to have a good match that was fair than to spend an entire hour looking for a downtier and having constantly terrible matches.
Fix your game, and you would have all the money and playerbase you could need Gaijin. Make the game fair and skill based, not BR based. Make your game better in general. Give us tanks that actually make the game better for everyone and not just you.
I used to love this game but I have reached my limit. I have watched the company become gradually more and more opressive but managed to convince myself that it was just a phase. The change came when I discovered that in response to a video showing a major hack the CEO (yes, the person who runs the company) posted a poll asking us to choose between making the hack a permenant feature of the game or issuing copyright strikes agains ALL people who bring up such issues on youtube or other social media.

NO MORE. I will not tolerate such blatantly (and I tried really hard to find an alternative phrasing here) Stalinist methods.
Never again will I play this game. Never again will I knowingly give this company any money.
For the sake of all that is right and good, DO NOT play this game

EDIT: at the request of some friends I have started playing the game again, but rest assured. I will NEVER give them any of my money.
Never before have I seen such repeatedly bad descisions be made by a single body. War Thunder used to be, and had the potential to remain one of the best games around. Then the devs screwed up again and again and again and again. If you're looking to find a good F2P game, this used to be it. It is no more.
it is with great sadness that i must recommend people NOT to play this game

the topic of easing the grind to upgrade tanks recently gained steam in the community but instead of discussion it was met with ridicule and mockery

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLIlG_g1SQE

this coupled with the devs outright refusal to include better game modes than deathmatch for the past several years leads me to believe the game has stagnated and is no longer going anywhere

Been playing this game for 2 years and after patch 1.35, the devs have been making idiotic, game breaking decisions one after the other. Whats worse is that when you try to tell them about it, they either ignore you or ban you. The recent patch completely killed it for me, despite the fact that this game was the go to thing for me on a computer for the past 24 months. I actually have two and a half months of play time because I started playing it before it went on steam.
 It still looks great but if you use maximum visual settings ,you will be at a disadvantage in both air and especially ground battles. And if that won't kill it for you, the awful lack of balance will.
It's with a heavy heart I lay this game to rest in the bin of uninstalled steam games. When I first began playing this game, it was a plucky contender in the air warfare scene, brought something new to it, and Gaijin Entertainment seemed to be listening and working with the community. It had its problems, but it was fun. Over time, however.... Things change.

The state of the game now is... Alright. Mechanically, it's very good, aside from certian nations air rounds having more proclivity to "spark" (indicate a hit but do no damage) than others. However, balancing issues, along with a few bugs, remain present, and affect the game experience greatly. This alone wouldn't be enough for me to permanantly condemn the game, but Gaijin itself has also changed. Its stance towards the community has gone from acceptance, to outright ignorance, and seemingly insane greed. If you -do- get this game, never buy Golden Eagles. Their value is minimal at best these days.

I could list the iunnumerable balance issues Gaijin has forced upon the game to further increase the time it takes to progress, and squeeze as much money out of you as possible, but there are plenty of people that do it much better than I can on a review. Just a suggestion, however; avoid any source that is attached to Gaijin itself. They do thier best to censor criticisms. And this is the main reason I cannot at all reccomend this game. If the company controlling it cannot bare to own up to thier own mistakes, I simply cannot see it progressing further than it has, let alone getting any better.

It's a shame, really... I quite loved how the game played. Still do, in a sense. I just can't put up with the environment I'm in when I play it.
So I come from an era of War Thunder when it was not yet on Steam. I think this was around version 1.21
The game was extremely fun. Ofcourse, since it was Beta it contained a lot of bugs and imbalanced planes (it was only planes back then), some of which were fixed within the week or month, others that are still not fixed today. But all was okay and the community was very relaxed so to speak.

Now you got to understand one thing, War Thunder at the time had around 20 tiers, that was perfectly balanced for every plane out there and matchmaking could very much handle it the way it should but all of a sudden within a few patches they changed the Tier 20 system to a ridiculous Tier 5 system, a system that even up till today takes way more hours of grinding to get the next plane than it was ever before. Now that they hightened the grinding levels was understandable in a way because some people could grind to the latest Tiers within a few days/weeks, so they had to level it out for the whole game and paid players.

But oh boy, that is also where the poo hitted the fan, because their matchmaking system, which used to be somewhat flawless now was utter crap that used "BR ratings" to set you up with others and even up till today people find ways to abuse this system and get with extremely good vehicles in games agains people with extremely bad vehicles. It just doesnt make any sense.

Oh yeah and up untill today, they still have not fixed a lot of bugs. One of which that is very bad for a game like this, hit detection. If you fire up to 20 bullets from a plane, the connection can make it so that you only hit the other plane with 5 or 10 of them, while on your screen it can look like you hitted it with 15 or even all 20 bullets.

Please stay clear of this game, but if you really want to play it, do not give/pay any money untill they do something about all the bad things.
After all my gameplay experience I have to admit that Russian bias is strong with this one.
It was fun before the patches and nerfs because we could actually have fun with the other nations other than Soviets..Its just garbage now.

If you are a fan of anything rather than Soviet Vehicles or Planes, stay away from this game. Because developers say the Soviets were literally too OP back at WW2 and theres nothing they can do about it.

And just so you know, I took out a Kingtiger with my T-34.. Now I believe(!) that the propaganda video on youtube about T-34 destroying 25 Tigers is actually real... <<This, my friend is the proof of what this game turns you into.
I have played this game for.. Well, an almost embarrassingly long time. Even prior to its release on steam I played this game nonstop for a number of months. It has only been in the last six or so months that the game has soured entirely. The developers, a delightful company based in Russia called Gaijin, used to put the highest focus on gameplay and balance. They listened to the community and actually handled feed back rather well. Yet, oddly, in the last several months they seem to have put their focus on more features, more glitter in their game. They have gotten rid of the community involvement in many of the groups that have formed around the game, most noteably Reddit. (The community manager with Gaijin was removed) The community as a whole has made countless attempts to bring issues with the game to the dev's attention and have repeatedly and consistently been ignored and in some cases players were banned for voicing their concerns. 

Game play wise, is this game fun? The answer to that question is, "It can be." Every once in a while you might get that golden blue moon match where you're not being completely stomped by some fellow in a KV-2 and any of the heavy Russian tanks. It could be fun depending on what you drive/fly. If you prefer US tanks or planes, I wouldn't recommend trying. The Russian and German trees are a bit more enticing if you don't want to be clubbed. The main issue with the game right now is balance, or lack thereof. Shermans against Tiger IIs, 262s against Sabres, short barreled tanks being put on maps that consist of an open field with a hill in the middle trying to play against a team of long barreled snipers. Stuff of this nature is common and expected in this game and I can't bring myself to put up with it any more. (Why I'm finally writing this review.)
When the game first came out, i really enjoyed being a fighter pilot, gradually ranking up my planes but now that I have retruned after numerous updates It seems that the grind to level up equipment is just to much. I barely see the bar move after a good game with plenty of points. 

I dont know who war thunder think they are, but i dont have a life time to get to the end content of your game and for this I cant reconmend the game. 

You will spend all your time grinding for one plane or tank. 


Hoo boy...where do I begin with this?

As a bit of a fair warning, I am 100% NOT against the core of this game. This game is quite a solid platform, everything performs, mostly, as it should, and we're getting British Tanks soon. That's bound to appeal to more than one might imagine. The updates, for the most part? Reasonable. The amount of ridiculousness from those Yak-9s going through the roof? Yes, but this is why you get either a plane that can reasonably ensnare the little sky devils or go AAA if possible. Simulation is quite nice (Despite me sucking at them to an absolute degree), Realistic plays fine, and if you're not keen on either, Arcade will likely hold what you want. None of these are faulty.

It's the moderation base and the lack of caring that make me hit "No" on the recommendations panel. The worst bit? They'll silence you if you speak up against them about it. For God's sake, we're trying to help you, and you shoot us down like we're nothing but scrubs? And by the way, that is even if you pay. They don't care who you are, you'll get shut up, one way or another.

Another key problem is the graphics. ...what, you were expecting me to say Battle Rating? Find another review, they'll explain it. I personally find it hilarious when I gun down a plane with a BR higher than mine.

Let's get this out of the way. Like the core gameplay, the core graphics are not an issue. Heck, they're some of the most beautiful to date. For those who play Realistic, I'm sure you'll agree with me on this if you play Ground Forces in Realistic or Simulator: There is an option within the game settings to turn the bushes OFF. Yeah, not down to a minimum, outright OFF. This is a huge problem that Gaijin refuses to fix, and it's impacting Realistic Ground Battles to this day. (And Simulator, but Realistic at the least) It's understandable for low-end PCs, but this is straight up an advantage for players who want to shoot you while you're not even able to see them if you have your bushes on.

This, and especially the lack of a caring development base, are what make me not recommend this game. If what it takes for me to change my mind is an administrative reform at Gaijin Entertainment, then so help me Arceus, do it.

...on the flip side though, if you're just someone who just enjoys a good tank and plane game, once all this settles down, it's a good game. Just...don't go talking negative within the game if you expect to stay there. And hope you have fun out there.
You know a game is bollocks when you see a "community manager" tell people to "git gud" on the forums, just because the grind is stupidly long if you don't shove money into the devs mouth.
Contains a software agent that kept running even when I wasn't playing the game or had the launcher open. Apparently it was launching at Windows start. Said agent also kept running after I uninstalled the game from Steam. Said agent also kept running after I deleted what remained of the Steam folder/files. Finally took tracking the agent .exe through task manager to find its location in an obscure apps folder. No proof that this agent was causing any harm to my system, but I really really don't like this behaviour in a game's software.
This game is cancer atm..Also with additions of helis the game is now cancer to play,i know it seeems really interesting but once you play top tier you are not going to have fun.You will be sniped from 6km away by ATGM,and you cant do anything.
You can play top tier only if you have alot of money beacuse 1 mbt costs up to 17k now with the new update.So most of the time you will lose money even if you have premium acccount and you do good in battle and lose...
Vehicles are unbalanced,repair costs are unbalanced and Research points needed for tanks is GARBAGE..
MBT costs up to 380k rp soo.....With a price of 1mil. silver lions and that price is same for all rank 6 tanks dont know why.
Game has alot of issues with maps especially with camping spots wich can lead to that enemy team has the advantage over the other side.Or if some new feature comes out,after a month it will be bugged like the (shell ejection system or atgm issue) which took them more than 5 months to repair.

I have 2000h. and every tank,plane in game.This game was back in the day really fun and interesting game to play but now not so much,i only enjoy tanks up to rank 4 with ww2 stuff..And now with tons of premium vehicles and INSANE RP AND REPAIR COSTS the game is crazy,devs should be interested for making the game fun for players to enjoy playing top tier with reasonable Rp needed and Sl to repair their tanks which they unlocked by their hard work...

Thats not all but ok.
Recently there has been backlash against the developers after they responded to critizism in a immature fashion. They refuse to remove the horrific grind that this game shoves into our faces. As you progress down the tech tree in this game, the time required to unlock each vehicle increases greatly. You are going to be spending days unlocking modifications on one vehicle in order to make it competitive against players who can simply pay money to bypass the grind. 

This game used to be enjoyable, but I just cannot say the same anymore.
100+ Dollars spent.
one day hacker gets onto account literally days after I spent the money. so I make gaijin support ticket only for them to tell me to talk to steam. I make a steam support ticket to be told that I have to talk to gaijin. I make another support ticket and they remove the complaint and lock the account then later ban/remove the account entirely.
Still haven't received the funds back and steam isn't helping with them.
Almost 400 hours on record and I've been in this thing since the beta for ground forces. 

Warthunder used to be my favorite game. It was a refreshing battle system that favored the skilled tanker over the one in the better tank. I've killed T-34s and T-28s with a PzII. If you know where to shoot you'd usually be fine. If you get killed it's genuinely because the other guy was better. Or you weren't careful enough.

That's what I said three years ago. 

Today? It...looks nice. Some of the most meticulously detailed vehicles I've ever seen in a WWII game. They sound fantastic. The way the treads move. The recoil of the guns kicking up dirt and dust. 

That's all I have to say that's positive though. 

It's become clear that the devs want Russian tanks and planes to be the best. To the point they're giving the IS2 rounds it never had to fight a tank it's already a match for. 

Russian shells having increased chances to set fires, detonate ammo racks and increased fragments compared to their British, American and German counterparts. 

Shermans having a higher probability of catching fire and having ammo rack detonations despite wet stowage and historically low burn rates. 

T-34s shrugging off 50mm cannons and 75mm's at ranges where it historically would have killed them frontally. 

This isn't a WWII tank game. This is a bunch of idiot children screaming in the sandbox that [i] NUH UH. WE'RE TOTALLY BETTER THAN YOU...J-JUST COZ! WE SAY SO. [/i]

Used to be balanced. Used to be fair. Used to be an accurate representation. But not anymore. Don't play it. You'll get a better historical representation out of World of Tanks than this game.
You know, I put quite a few hours into this game and REALLY had a hard time doing this, but this game is too frustrating to recommend. It's F2P, so you probably know what you are getting into (grinding, paying for bonus xp, etc.). This is mainly concerning the tank portion of the game, but I feel the planes are similar.

The topic du jour with WT is russian bias. Now, when I first heard this, I was skeptical as there are whiners in every game. There is definitely some questionably statted russian tanks, but the problem to me is the matchmaking. The matchmaking is terrible, you are often matched against overtiered tanks that you have no hope of penning. I get that there are game balancing issues vs. historical accuracy, but when you are in your Tiger I or Panther staring down a Tiger 2 or some cold war russian behemoth with futuristic ammo, you literally can't destroy the other tank without some heroic flanking maneuvers. That guy gets 10 kills and you are stuck trying to find the poor schmuck who got over-tiered in his tank before you get one-shotted. Repeat that 100 times and you'll realize you have better things to do wqith your life.
I've been playing War Thunder off and on since its early days for it's ground forces experience, and I can say it's to this very day been the most engaging, solid, and real feeling tank gameplay I've ever had the enjoyment of experiencing, No other name out there in multiplayer tank gameplay even comes close to the solid feeling gameplay this one has. 

However, the most unfortunate fact is, despite being a wonderful engine and solid gameplay itself, this game has been going down a very bad and stubborn road with a worsening ingame economic oppression in the form of extremely high to outright insane cost vehicle repairs and ammo costs that just explode once you start getting higher tier (especially heavy tanks) and can make playing your favorite vehicles in some cases impossible to maintain without resorting to premium time or going back to lower tiers, and in some cases even premium time is not enough!

Your mileage may vary though depending on the mode you play, as Arcade battles mode tends to be more forgiving, and Realistic battles mode having the most absurd repair costs, but that is also not always the case and the inverse is true, and some nations may suffer worse than others, there is just no logical pattern to it all and often makes endgame battles innaccessible to many average skill players without premium time, sometimes even medium tier heavies will bankrupt you to play regularly.

And a final point, I feel the devs also made a mistake by making modern tanks a progression after WWII tanks instead of being their own thing, so if you're someone who's really into modern tanks much more than WWII tanks, you've got to grind through them and play with only top tier premiums to avoid WWII tanks.

In summary, great gameplay itself, but it's held back by extremely horrible economy more than anything else. I'll reccomend this game, but only if you're more interested in early tiers more than later ones, and aware of the huge economic issues of this game, otherwise my current overall impression of the state of the game is negative now as it stands, and I really hope it changes as I loved this game in it's glory days, and if it does, I'll change the conclusion of this review.
The Devs are so disconnected with the player base, it's not even funny. The game is fun but the grind is atrocious and doesn't reward skill. Will change this review if something changes...hopefully
I used to support Gaijin and I did love thier game. But they dont listen to us anymore or really at all. They've gotten as scumy as some of the other companies have been.

They put 0 effort into changing this as everyone is upset at them.

I've wasted money on yet another game that changed for the worse and doesnt care to fix it.

The breaking promisses and practically lie to us, shoving paying our way through the game is annoying af at this point. As much as I enjoy my tanks and planes, I dont feel like putting in any effort anymore, im not going to give effort to a company that doesnt give any either.

Gaijin I hope you do end up failing in order see what you are doing is retarded.
Since the new update things have become strange. Everyone has aimbot on and my planes don't even turn properly. The rewards has also been downed a lot, so good luck for any new players getting anywhere in this game. Do I recommend this game. Yes. Has the update basically ruined the fun of game. Most definitely. Is anyone going to read this comment. Probably not.
Nothing to say about the technical/graphic aspect of the game, it's good if you're not anal about certain things (BR compression, balance, Russian bias, lack of battle modes, holes in your right wing, historical accuracy to name a few).

But Gaijin's commercial strategy has been dodgy from the start and is getting worse by the day: introduction of loot boxes, Gaijin Market, making "impossible" (for someone with a job) events so ppl spend money to complete them, the impossible grind, community treated like trash, community being trash, etc. etc. They will litterally make you HATE the game.

If you just want to have fun, stick to Tier I&II and don't even look at events/tasks/news. Oh and disable chat.
This'll be the only review for this game from me since I started playing it in 2015. All I can say is that if you're looking for a realistic battle involving tanks and aircraft don't look here. I didn't believe it until the latest update came out but this game is completely biased for the Russian Faction. If you do the research and take a closer look at the stats of every vehicle, you'll notice that Germans, Brits, and Americans get hit with the nerf bat more often in order for the game to be "balanced" while the Russian Faction keeps their full penetrating shells, superior jet performance, etc. Looking at the data mined game files, it's been discovered it has hidden stats that give Russian players an edge, which is BS. Experiencing it myself I can say that Russian Vehicles are not overpowered but overperforming. I keep giving this game the benefit of the doubt but after the last couple months I think it's pretty much hopeless. If you think this game is played for the historically accurate statistics of military vehicles, think again. It's just a hardcore version of World of Tanks.
The game as of 25th Sep 2015 is totally borked. 

- The developers ruin game balance and economy at every chance and never go back, no matter how bad the decision. 
- The developers boast historical accuracy yet give Cold War ammo to WW2 Era Tanks (e.g. B471D Ammo for the IS-2).
- Premiums introduced this year have costed ridiculous amounts of money compared to previous vehicles.

Great game, terrible developers;  Do not invest in this game as you would only reward them for their terrible behaviour. 

Vote with your wallets.
Gaijin does not have any protections in place against hackers. You can brute-force passwords with no limitation. You will lose anything you purchase, and have your username irrevocably changed to something obscene, that then gets you banned.
Game play great, Vehicle selection is superb. Realistic, gritty and fun. I really do not have complaints. 

(Their ingame store sells premium vehicles, usually rare or prototype vehicles of each era. This certain Tank I bought was designed in 1943. Intended for WW2. Similar models of the IS did come out exclusively in 1943 and 1944. So you would think being in Tier 4 with all the other WW2 vehicles, when you purchase this Vehicle you would be in the WW2 matchmaking. WRONG.... Its a Tier 4 that only matchmakes in tier 5 aka "Korean War/Cold War" era. SO you pay money to get the worst Tier 5 when its advertised as a Tier 4. Gaijen told me "No fuck off" when I just informed them that "Thats pretty sneaky or a mistake" and even asking for a ingame credit refund to buy something "Actually in its advertised tier" was met with a firm "No". Since it was a Steam Wallet Purchase I am trying to get Steam to force the transaction back and I do not care if Gaijen ban me or whatever. F#@K em.) 

See kids, this is why Marketers exist as a real profession.... So "Sales" people don't undermine the entire company by Markettng things like slimey a$$holes.
War thunder was once one of my favorite games. The engine is very well made, the art is amazing, the controls are good, (unbalanced af)..etc etc ... Tanks are really fun, ships probably are too. BUT The research system killed the game. At high levels unlocking anything would take months of grinding, where as back in the day all you had to do was be the correct pilot level to fly the aircraft and buy the plane with in game currency. Today you not only have to be the correct level, you also have to "research" the vehicles one at a time, meaning a new player today would NEVER be flying in my tier. The game's population has been dropping over time because players see how much they have to grind and just quit. For every person that quits because of the grind means the grind gets worse since que times increase. eventually NO ONE is going to be playing besides salty old players like me who are just happy with what they have. I wouldn't even be upset if they made it so you could just outright BUY vehicles for a reasonable price with real money but you CANT you are FORCED to grind. you CAN pay real money for SOME research points though, but you are VERY limited and again, FORCED to grind. I think someone calculated it would cost around 5K USD to buy the research every plane and tank THIS DOES NOT EVEN INCLUDE THE PRICE OF BUYING THE UPGRADES! the research system is TRASH and EVERY PLAYER KNOWS IT. I would gladly PAY for the base game if we got back the original system. Premium vehicles are cool and all, but I want to use the vehicles that I LIKE. When I started playing back in BETA I had ONE goal *GET ME262 MY FAVORITE PLANE* and I did that, In fact I have EVERY me262! If I started today with the same goal I would just quit because I don't have the time. Most of the time in game would just be waiting for the que. And there just isnt a way to buy the plane I want for a few $, no it would cost HUNDREDS to buy every plane in the tree up to an me262. 
I would just suck it up and deal with the grind though if it weren't for this final nail in the coffin:
THE LAUNCHER 
war thunder installs what is basically malware in the form of the game launcher that AUTOMATICALLY runs when your computer starts and is incredibly difficult to remove for the average person. This is something that shouldn't be allowed on steam at all and i WOULD be begrudgingly playing this game from time to time if it were not for this. And getting blown up by late korean war high tech jets with my 'early ww2 first jet fighters ever made' since the matchmaking does not have enough people to create fair matches.

I do want to say the programmers, 3d artists, sound designers, etc are very good and it isn't their fault the game has been turned into what it is now. The original system was so much better and you could actually see your progress and work for a goal.



Gaijin really don't know what they're doing at all. I started playing 2-3 years ago, and even back then they didn't know what they were doing, but at least they seemed like they were trying. They listened to the community sometimes, but now... too many bad changes and patches that don't seem to be letting up any time soon. Now they refuse to listen to the community. The first 6 months are fun for some due to ignorance of the grand scheme of things in terms of issues, plus the early tier planes are the most fun, but after that it spirals quickly out of control and becomes not fun anymore. Even going back and playing the old planes isn't fun for me. The matchmaking changes have been horrible, and (as much as its overstated sometimes), there's a debatable Russian bias and they straight up retcon history sometimes.

I love the game to death, it has so much potential, and there's nothing more that I would love to see than this game to become what it could be, but as long as its in the hands of such an unorganized and dysfunctional development team, that won't be happening any time soon. This game is the epitome of one of those FPS's that seem promising for the first few months, and then you realize how much of a grind it really is.

It's not even just the fact that it's a grind, it's not about taking forever to unlock planes, it's not about the fact that it will take the average user about a year to get their first jet, because it's possible to have fun in this game without jets. In fact, jets are one of the most unbalanced and un-fun parts of this game, besides ground forces. The early tiers are some of the most fun, in fact. That's why you so often see players with about 100 hours or less giving WarThunder positive reviews, yet as you go up through the hours, most of those players start giving negative reviews.

The real issues lie in the dev team's unwillingness to listen to the community, their horrid, horrid, HORRID mod team who watch over their forums like hawks and strike down almost all criticisms of the game with impunity, it lies in the fact that they've made some painfully obvious cash grabs in the game, like making it so you have to pay for country flags because "teamkilling was an issue." Most of the community, if not all, wants the game to succeed. We offer criticisms and ways to fix the issues, they give us bans, longer grinds, and horrible BRs.

The dev team's unwillingness to not only fix the FM issues, but even their complete failure to acknowledge them, means that the game is doomed if it continues on the path it's currently on. BRs are complete trash, if you aren't flying the flavor of the month plane then you might as well not be flying. If you're not driving a Russian tank, you might as well not be driving.

Now, because of Gaijin's failures, hundreds of veterans like me, and others with even more time in the game than me, are jumping ship. Not because we don't care about the game anymore, but because Gaijin doesn't. Its sad because most  bad review of this game is from a player who has played for a long time, and most of the good ones are from complete new users who are still able to enjoy the game before they realize how truly bad the situation is.

The nation balance is garbage. Japan gets screwed over soooooo much. Germany has been getting pounded on, or at least was last time I played, Russia has always had curbstomping abilities over the other nations, and the US flip flops depending on the tier. British are just everywhere. I personally stopped playing consistently about the time when ground forces started having the issue with the foliage, where you would be at a severe disadvantage (and I'm talking gamebreaking severe) if you kept your grass/foliage on. I have logged on a handful of times since, but only for 2-3 rounds and then I just get tired and sad. I want the game to be good. The sad thing is, though I have been playing for 2-3 even back then and through the years, I can never truly say the game has felt completely good. There have always been a number of broken FMs, the economy has gone through various levels of shit, one nation is always curbstomping another, etc. About the time they removed the 2x bonus, that's when the crashing spiral downward in quality started.

Gaijin's PR is horrible, especially with their whole "guys, don't judge, we're still in beta" excuse which has been a lie ever since you've been able to pay to get ahead in the game. It's been a lie ever since they started using it as an excuse to disregard their personal flaws and using it as a way to completely shift the blame from them over to the community. It's been a lie because most games in beta survey the userbase, asking for feedback, while Gaijin denies feedback at every opportunity. Ever since their PR team straight up quit the subreddit, calling it a "toxic environment", most likely due to the fact that they were unable to control what was said (unlike their forums, where they have total control and use that control freely), there was no hope for their PR team. A development team that will readily call their community, who offers criticisms and only wants to help the game get better (though I do concede that a lot of the players will get pissy after a bad patch, but who can really blame them?) isn't fit to run a game.

I really do want this game to be good. But as long as it continues on the path it's currently treading on, I will not recommend it, or play it.
If you're going to start playing War thunder, my best bit of advice is don't look at the high tier stuff and aim for that. It'll take you forever to get there (and a lot of people spend A LOT of money in the process) and you'll only be disappointed when you get there. The only real fun to be found in this game is low tier imo. This game is amazing in some ways (I love many of the "realistic" features), but overall it's too much of a grind, Gaijin makes too many bloody dumb decisions, air RB is a mess, there's too much power creep, and I think worst of all; I'm quite confident that Gaijin buff's the crap out of nations which they get a lot of revenue from.... Looking at you America and Russia lol. Whilst other nations like the UK and Germany seem to get neglected.

 Find tanks and planes you enjoy at lower BR's (imo it starts getting sour around 6.7+ for tanks imo depending on the nation), don't give Gaijin any money and don't focus on grinding - focus of having a laugh
If you like broken vehicles, money hungry devs, and waiting forever for a game to just be crapped on after none of your ammo does any damage whatsoever (had this in all, tanks planes and ships)
Been playing this game for like 3-4 years and it just keeps getting worse. They keep spamming out vehicles (why a lot are broken) to keep bringing more players to the cash cow
Also the grind is absolutely horrendous even with Premium, and a dev has even admitted they did that so people would spend more money.
So the fucking matchmaking is horrible, i restarted because of all the updates since i played last time so i only had the starter tanks

I go out and fight and at first its aight, they all seem to have starters too
I get a single 1.3 rank tank and oh boy, here comes the 2.3s and 2s and everything above 1.3
I went from winning 80% of all matches and coming top 3 single one, to loosing every single one and not even getting a kill before i die, i get shot in ammo once and boom i burn up from ammo
i shoot them aprox 5x in ammo and nothing

it was aight, now its bs
if youre getting it, expect to have a fun first 60 minutes and think its a good game, then getting angry as hell because youre 1.3 and they are 2.3-3ish and uninstalling the game


and belive me i didnt just loose one match and go all rage and say its bs, i played like 7 matches and all of them i lost and got last

even when removing my best tank i still got matched with too high, so it was reserve tanks vs 3.3's

i think that they intentionally made the ranking shit, so you will buy golden eagles with real money, to buy new tanks with.. fuggin jews
Game is pure trash with new formula they magically found in some remote place of the world. 0/10 do not recommend and only reason I still play is because once upon a time the game was actually good and i spent way too much on it. I could regurgitate all the points and facts other people say in other reviews, but really this game needs to die and i will celebrate the day it does as a holiday on my calendar. There will be cake and you are invited. WoT is now more accurate to vehicles and balance than this let that sink in.
Without Steam, almost 1k+ hours here.

TL;DR: Don't play this handicap, hardcore P2W shit even with premium.
--

I have been playing almost 3 or 4 years (and with 1+ year on premium account). I have been a nice customer ;) $$$$.

1. Hardcore Pay2Win: I don't know what happen in Gayjin, but they are not listening players anymore. They just want to make some money. A sick amount of money. For now, this is a Pay to Win hardcore game. Especially in and after 4 tier. Without premium, the game is not fun. If you are new, remember there are planes or tanks, that just not listed in the game tree.

2. Russian Fucking Stalinium Armor called Russian BIAS: Do you have 200mm 8 tier gun shooting to BT-5 in the front armor? You think you will destroy it in one? Nope: "No armor penetration." And after this new shooting calculation, oh boy...

3. Handicap & BR
Gayjin Armor Penetrating have handicap functionality based on whoever know what.
If you are good player in general, you will get a penalty to the penetration and your armor. If you are bad player, and have low stats you will get a bonus to penetration. If you are good, you will be +1 BR in 80% plays. Also: If you have a bad player in the team (4 coop) his handicap will be removed and he will die in 1 shot and need 10 shoots to kill, but when he will play alone, without players in the coop, he will survive 15 shots and kill everyone at 1.

4. BR - This mean what tanks should play with what. You good at this game? So +1 BR is not for you. Here +1.3 with premium tanks pop-up. And it's not true that -1, +1 is the maximum. 

pretty good once you get past the free to play super grind aspect, and the call of duty map style just dont ever spend your money in this game not worth it, i mean the whole point of this game is just to waste time right? not gonna lie i spend more time just looking at the detailed vehicles than actually playing this.
Terrible Pay to Win game - Constant uptiers (TERRIBLE MATCHMAKER) - Terrible economic policy - Full of hackers and cheaters - Strange physics. ZERO Game support... Weird historical accuracy. Long Waits for Matches especially at high tier and including for ship matches... Easy in Game Exploits like Amped up engine sounds giving away enemy position. Not to mention Ultra low Quality graphic exploit allowing players to see through walls and bushes... its bad enough that people have external Aimbots Wallhacks etc and to couple that with Literally In game Exploits like I have mentioned . This makes this game trully a horrible experience. With Developers doing nothing to fix these problems and relying solely on the community to report hackers etc - It no wonder this game is Dying.
Played on and off for years, but one thing has been consistent about my experience:  play the game long enough and you will  eventually quit the game for awhile as there are many frustrating things about the game, from ridiculous BRs, flight models suddenly changing or are highly inaccurate, gun/shell performance being changed drastically patch to patch, terrible game economy changes, to toxic gameplay/players.  I don't play ground forces and have mostly played air battles but have come back for the naval gameplay, which I am enjoying somewhat - but I'm well aware that sooner or later I'm going to take a 6 month to 1 year break from the game due to frustration.

Trust me on this - I am far from the only one who experiences these periodic escapes from the game.  

Should you play it?  It's F2P, it's worth a try perhaps - at the least, watch some gameplay videos on youtube to see if this is something you'd be interested in.  Avoid spending too much money (it can add up quick - this F2P game is primed for the whales) unless you're really really into the game, particularly with premiums as their performance patch to patch can be altered due to game changes.   The best part about the game imo are the air battles, but plenty of people enjoy ground forces but there seems to be way more controversy regarding recent changes to penetration values (formula was changed) so take that as you will.
In short, the game is an unbalanced mess with a hellish grind. Unrewarding gameplay and greedy monetary practices, and it seemingly gets worse with every patch.
started playing because of the glorious war birds of the second world war and now i kinda regret staying for so long and seeing the game evolve into modern warfare, its ruthlessly efficient but not fun anymore
Installs the Gaijin Agent on your computer and makes it to where you cannot uninstall it normally. The gameplay itself is enjoyable, but for this reason I cannot recommend.
The impressions that I had about this game before getting into have been confirmed, and not in a good way.

First, as one can obviously tell, I did not sink my life into it, so my review won't focus on balance and skill/git-gud related talk (I leave this to reddit and WT forums, lel).
However, a good few things can be already pointed out in the new-player experience, and general design principles of the game.

The core mechanics is fun, albeit slightly off-putting when you aren't used to relying on a crew being alive rather than a classic hitpoints system. I respect that. It works. A bit inconsistent at times (or so it feels), but it works.

Now for the major (and I mean serious) flaws.

Firstly, the pricing model and the way it is articulated with the in-game economy is predatory. Having to grind absolutely vital modules like Fire Prevention Equipment or a simple Repair Kits is absolutely ridiculous, especially when considering that in-game currency price progression is extremely steep as you gain access to higher level vehicles.
I wouldn't mind putting in 40 odd €, as I would for an equivalent P2P game of similar scope and quality. But only if the content I got for it actually corresponded to what a core full game would be, not to unlock some HEAT ammunition upgrades for some obscure derp tank.
(example: in Paladins, I bought the pack to get all champions current and future, and definitely did not regret this decision at all. I got essentially a full game, minus the shiny bits).


After that, the flow of games is fairly inconsistent. Most matches I have been in have devolved into painful rolls where one team just ends up spawn camping the other. This has little to do with player competence and more to do with general gamemode design, objective design, and vehicle type match-up. A full team of brits firing solid slugs will have a much smaller margin for error against a full team of Soviet and German tanks firing APHE. Also, whoever reaches its firing lines first usually gains the upper hand, and keeps it.

Lastly, speaking of spawn-camping/spawn-killing, this has so far been the most aggravating and unfun dynamic of this game, especially in RB. My current record for fastest death after spawning stands at around 7s. To have areas around spawns not offering any reasonable form of leverage against enemies' attempts at bottling you up is again a major level design flaw (albeit not a simple one to fix, this I am only too aware of).


In short, would I recommend this? For its PvP, that's a definite no. The new player experience of this game makes it feel like an absolute chore.
The PvE and test drive are definitely very fun, but come on, that's not why you downloaded 23GB for.
Russian Tanks = Cheat tanks.. This game has been data mined and proven that Russian tanks have hidden stats.

https://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/262290-the-unofficial-ground-forces-data-mined-thread/

Have fun reading up.  I refuse to play Russian tanks due to this..  I understand the game is Russian made, but still, this is a bit excessive, and when people found out about this, what country do you think they are going to choose?  I have had T34-85s pen at angles that should be guaranteed to just bounce right off, and pen armor it should have no possible way to pen.

If you choose to play this game, don't spend any money on it unless you plan on playing Russia.
unstiled this game long ago and cant find itt on my pc eny more.. but still every now and then the game uppdate luncher starts and try uppdate game and slow down my pc
Was a fantastic game back in 2013, unfortunately, since then the graphics has been downgraded to port to PS4, game was made to be extremely grindy so it takes months (!!!) to get to high tier vehicles, and overall became pretty much pay2win. This game won't last much more and will go by the wayside just like world of tanks... Don't bother...
i think its quite fun in the first to tiers but if you reach tier 3 tanks your game will look like this:
drive 3 minutes just to go to the objektives 
wait 2 minutes to find a tank 
(maybe kill one) 
then die
think about respawing with your backup 
your backup is tier 2 so its useless so you just leave
i just think its incredibly frustrating to waste 5 minutes just like this 
(also the grind is fucking horrible the worst part about it is that you need to upgrade your vehicles which is also frustrating because the unupgraded vehicles are just so god damn weak
This games HORRIBLE now, the new update made it on how the armor is unbalanced, and the matchmaking is way unbalanced an unfair from people being to high of a rating
A basic pay-to-win game where (among other things) the best vehicles are behind a paywall.
Combat can be so enfuriating that it makes you wanna throw your screen somewhere.
Only comes close to fun if you have some friends playing with you and even then it can suck.
I'm only playing this because some of my friends do and after 500 hours (my god that much of this torture?) I would never recommend this game.
the game is using 100% CPU even when the game is not running. uninstalled the game CPU went down to 17%. WARNING MINING OR SOMETHING ELSE. WARNING WARNING
I don't recommend this game until Gajin fixes the matchmaking to something a little more playable since you can't even grind your higher tier vehicles without running into a vehicle made twenty years after it with a space gun to your potato launcher its that bad. another problem is your team since half the time they just instadie or leave you to your fate and do not help at all. So please ignore this game no matter how much it tempts you. I regret playing this game now for the 1183 hours I have played it.
Used to like this game and it sorta faded away.  Now, upon reinstall, I find Gaijin schenanigans and it never loads past their launcher homepage.  I don't care to analyze my system to see where it must come up short (lol).  Have fun y'all!  See you in the TankiX arcade!
I used to love this game. Then the ballistic change update came out.... all western tank ammo has been nerfed while Russia remains supreme with its 475mm pen ammo. Germany gets around 407mm pen and the Abrams "upgrade ammo" is 357mm now while the base ammo is 360. It is completely pointless to keep playing. DO NOT BUY.
Where do I even start, I've put 1,129.3 hours into this game and it's an utter shitfest. 

Here is how it goes, from the first and second tiers it's good. Totally enjoy the tiers up all the way until 4.3 and that's where the enjoyment stops. That is if you play American or anything that isn't the Russian Tree.

At 5.7 you unlock the Tiger 1's for Germany and Panthers, these tanks are supposed to deflect American tanks and even Russian tanks, but for some reason that isn't the case. In this game armor is considered to simply slow you down. Even with the Maus for the German Tree, you'd think all that armor would protect you. Not against the ATGM's and Rockets every other nation gets, especially HEATFS (CheatFS) that Russia gets at 5.3.

Germany gets ATGM's and CheatFS around 8.0, America at 6.7, and USSR at 5.3. The USSR vehicle that has cheatfs unlocks it immediately as it's first available round, but America at 6.7 gets it on the M56 and T92, but you have to research pretty much every other modification before you can even use it.

If you're playing anything Russian, you deflect enemy shots 90% of the time and their vehicles are extremely fast + they can pen anything which basically means, if you're in a King Tiger, American T34 or T29, or anything with 200mm+ of armor, somehow their shells go right through it.

Also, that Centuaro that sits on the front page video of this game? Oh yeah, WW2 and Vietnam era tanks have to go up against that, and these Italian cars with rockets on them as well, they constantly flank, they constantly can pen any armor you have rendering it useless, this game mixes WW2, Vietnam and Modern all together into a massive shitfest. 

If you're not Russian, or these really quick French or Italian tanks, you're basically fucked. Definitely would recommend not getting or playing this game.
the game is russian Bias. I would only play this game with friends and thats it!. teamwork is impossible with other random players and the american tanks are for a lack of better word Shit. there are only a few game modes that get boring very quickly. grinding is so painful when you sometimes join a game only to get killed by someone on the other side of the map who has a Premium tank. this game needs lots of work and more game modes now!
Gaijin basically installed a malware on your computer called gjagent.exe... its allow gaijin backdoor access to your computer to do as they like (for example they could and probably sell your data without permission). Also the game has insane amount of grind or cost $$$$$$ to have fun. To be fair its a fun game but gjagent.exe is the reason I'm leaving a bad review.
TL;DR: Greedy developer ruins good game idea.

Literally pay to win, no development except new vehicles including new premium killmachines. No feedback from players is heard at all. Every major update one has to pay for new ingame items to be competitive. Good graphics for such a game, though.

On the other hand, to accomodate eastern european potato computers, one is able to configure graphics details to 1982 levels, which alas makes competitive play impossible.

I have my hopes up that the next wave of sanctions towards the russians encompasses this developer in particular.
Use to be a good game... 2 things that have completely ruined this game: 1Russian Bias, sorry but russian tanks and planes have never been the top of anything other than a massive failure in battle. yet in this game they out perform any and all other vehicle in the game. 2 complete pay to win setup ruins the matchmaking aswell as give unfair advantage to anyone paying with a credit card over those who do not. If you feel you want to ruin your credit score be my guest to pick this game up. If you want to test your piloting against others in a fair contest. choose something else.
*****BE WARNED AND BE CAREFUL ANYONE USING OR CONSIDERING USING GUIJUN PRODUCTS**** I have been playing this game for at least 5 years, I have over 600 hours on it. I have seen the game go through periods of what I feel was an infestation of script/hackers, I have seen culls which were temporarily effective and I have seen this game go in and out of balancing issues that are frustrating to say the least and appear designed to push people to try pay to play content. The biggest issue I have seen is the creation of this Guijun program which is said by the developers to be an updating program however since they have made it a part of the system, I have never been able to delete the entire program, I have had issues with this program accessing and slowing down my PC which was bad enough and despite the developer's solemn words that the program is a harmless updater I have reservations which have not turned into serious concern in light of the fact that I have not accessed this program for over a month and have denied it access at start up, however it would seem that someone is accessing this program and account remotely, a fact that causes me great concern. The game itself is a brilliant game and i am concerned that it is a cover for a more sinister and devious intention harvest data and to gain access to personal data use each user's PC platform subversively for an unknown purpose. In this current format, I am intending to uninstall and wipe my PC to attempt to remove all traces of this game and programs associated with Guijun and I strongly suggest that all users review and monitor the access that Guijun has to their PCs and information. Until such time as I have full explanation as to why people are remotely accessing my PC through Guijun, why the updater program drains so heavily on my considerable PC power and an assurance from Steam that it will look into and ensure that Guijun is completely above reproach, I urge everyone to remove this program. There is something about the way Guijun operate it or that it creates an ability for hackers to gain access to your computer. It needs to be reviewed by Steam and verified if there is something that compromises the user's security in the programming.
This game have a very big problems in a balance.  All Russian vehicle better than others.  British land vehicle are trash,  France land vehicle - trash , Japanese land and air machines is trash,  because airplanes and tanks be nerfed . If Russian machines have a problems with comfort gameplay,  it be up (in most cases) : IS-6 , IS-7 and more...  It's a pity,  it's be so fun game, but the developers ... they don't care about balance, they don't care about players, only Russian tanks and planes and money are of interest. Do not play this game. Do not waste time and money. The game was good, but now it smells of lost potential forever
I've wasted way too much time in this game in the hopes that it will eventually get better but since I started playing a few years ago the quality of this game has been steadily declining. Gaijin believes that they don't need to address the core issues of this game because they can just add a few more vehicles and boom sudden influx of new players. They couldn't give a shit about us veterans who've been here longer. They wouldn't dare fix their broke fucking shit because why put in the effort right? 

tl;dr : don't waste your time like I did. this game was dead years ago. when gaijin stopped caring about quality.
You need to grind for thousands of hours in order to actually enjoy the game, not worth the time and money go read a book or play something else instead
Such a shame. It was a great game with alot of potential. The game itself is great, but the issue is Gaijin. They're destorying their own game. They never listen to the community and deliberately make fuck ups. The newest fuck up is the new mm.......... they seem to think that queue times are a big deal, when really if they'd listen to their playerbase they would know that is not what we care about. Gaijin have to be hands down the worst devs! Don't waste your time on this game, the game is going to shit and the devs don't care, enough said.
Attempts to collect your data ( Not really a surprise at this point but still ), and once you rank up once you'll be put to matches with Mig's and P-51's that I doubt your spitfire and whatnot cannot match.  (probably done to boost microtransactions sales ) 

Was fun at first, turned to a huge sh#t storm later.
WHAT THE FUCK 1. I go in as a tier 3 and i fight tier FUCKING 5s AND 6s WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT AND WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO GAIN RESEARCH PLEASE MAKE IT SO YOU CAN GET MORE I HAVE TO PLAY LIKE ABOUT 15 MATCHES TO GET 5,900 RP
this game has slow ass progression and its own launcher so they get all the profits from their premium currency ripped straight from the dungeon keeper mobile game minus tax.

i regret the time i spent on this garbage.
Playing tanks as the axis is useless, even fucking paper is thicker than the armor they use, and the cannons, well they are like 9mm's, they do nothing against the Russians with their bunker armor and 500mm cannon....
I used to enjoy and play this game frequently but i have realised that once you reach they high tiers after being lured in by fun, inexpensive game-play you become a hardcore addict whos day revolves around the amount of matches you play. I also feel that they make it easier for the people who pay them and then force others to pay just for enjoyment. In conclusion, i dont recommend war thunder for anyone who likes to play quick enjoyable games and then move on to something else as the ridiculous grind for a new tank and a desperate fight for lions will cause you to shut at your computer in rage.
its shit. there is a bias to russian tanks and unless you want to rage 24/7 dont play it its just getting one shot every game by some guy because he had a better tank and you cant pierce his amour any where
game's launcher never leaves your computer and is hard to remove fully
it installs updates and seeds them without the game being installed
what a fucking joke of a company
Overview:
War Thunder is a fairly impressive on the technical level, but like chewing gum -- it has to be spat out once the limited flavour dies out. You will have fun for may be 10 or 20 hours, but then you will feel the game's fatal F2P trappings.

Pros:
- Historical tanks AND aircraft. There's a LOT of them, and are modeled fairly faithfully. 
- Cool X-ray playback that shows you exactly how you were killed.
- Some singleplayer, and co-op scenarios for your pleasure.
- An engaging "realism" mode. No more tigers fighting alongside M113s.
- Pretty well optimized.

Cons:
- Battles often feel stupid without infantry.
- Limited selection of same-y maps.
- Queuing can be incredibly slow.
- Paid vehicles will kick your ass, even the really silly ones.
- Operating costs are made to catch up to your earnings.

Verdict:
For all the cool features, tanks and aircraft, the grind will creep up on you. The battles are not combined arms ops, they are claustrophobic FPS shoot and RUSH B. I can only recommend this if you're a kid, have no money and have nothing to do.
game goes between ok and fucked the fact that you can now spawn camp in a spawn 2ft off the deck in a helo and kill an entire team before they can respond in any way is pretty fucked
There's always going to be a core of fans who will irrationally defend a product. I'm willing to admit that there are casuals who will like this game as well. 

But there are many ways in which the game could be improved. I don't hate the game - I played quite a bit of it only yesterday; but already, each game felt like a one note. 

Realism mode was engaging, but difficult - and I'd need a devoted mic group to win in it. IRL, tanks would have had infantry to help them find targets as well. 

Arcade mode is very much a one note, over all (find and kill the enemy, capture a hill). 
Planes are a different game.

I was going to play with boats, but the tutorial to enter into it keeps crashing.

Beyond that, jets might change the planes game again. Haven't had a chance to use them, and you may know why.

All of these feel like minigames, but with only slightly more depth. 

A game like Verdun, which is only about arcade-style trench assaults with bolt action rifles in WW1, which you imagine would really feel like a one note, managed to achieve a surprising amount of depth. It doesn't need F2P to keep providing 'new content', and the two companies that made it, from what I know, are indy developers - presumably smaller than Gaijin. They also created Tannenberg, which has larger maps and is set on the eastern front. 

War Thunder promises so much more to the game, but ends up more shallow. The fun lies in being able to drive a great assortment of tanks - but then I arrive at the main problem... having to grind to unlock more tanks. This is pavlov - this isn't gaming. 

Wouldn't it be better if it was easier to access all the tiers, and then Gaijin made it so that each tier was desirable in its own way? Each tier isn't more fun (because to grinders, 'power = fun' apparently), but simply... different. A different kind of fun. 

Versatility is the reason we play a game with so many tanks and planes. And I'm actually fine with P2P for extra game modes, or cosmetics. I don't think it should give players an advantage, or access to the main game. As it stands, Gaijin wants me to pay money to unlock all the vehicles, to experience the core of the game (vehicle diversity).

That's bad, okay? I dunno about you.
game is broken. how can a tank that has a stronger hull and gun get killed by a garbage tank with just one shot, even after putting 3 shots into that lower level tank. this game is so bs. all american tanks (i.e. m4a1) are so overpowered its soo unfair.
Its fun but, the devs of focused so much on modern vehicles now, if they want to do that, at least put it all in 1 game, so we have a ww2 warthunder, and a modern warthunder, because, and I think people will argee, grinding sucks.
*shoots a fighter multiple times with gunners, hit hit hit hit, doesnt do shit, takes one round, heavy bomber splits in half*
10/10 wont play again till bomber buff
i dont know if im just bad at the game but everytime i come up against a panzer i loose 99% of the time. Steep learning curve and for that reason im out.
It is a fun game. But when you get to certain tanks it becomes to hard to do anything. Also when your facing the same tank as you, they somehow get an advantage to kill you easier. It becomes so frustrating that I realized I wasted so much time for nothing.
I got this game a long time ago but recently when i launch it the resolution tanks and im stuck on only one countries tanks. Honestly if you play and dont have this bug, its very enjoyable but if your like me and had not been able to play in months its not fun.
TLDR:   - P2W    -

This game is fun until you see ts pretty much impossible to unlock anything after the first few tier 1/2 vehicles without paying money....  Don't expect to be able to have a fair chance at unlocking anything interesting unless you shell out an arm and a leg for MTX...  

The matchmaking is unbalanced in massive way, and I think they do that to pressure people to buy MTX...   After what felt like 100 matches I finally unlocked M4... and then the game matches me against people in PanzerIV's???   yea, its a joke..

Don't even Download this game..... its a dark pit of money grabbing that never ends.
The game will forcibly start and update as long as you have it. There does not appear to be a way to disable this besides permanently removing the game from your account. The startup is taxing on the CPU and being unable to disable a forced startup makes me recommend staying away if you only plan to play on rare occasions.
A great game if you want a tank/plane/ship game. However, the tendency of the devs to add new vehicles and not fix their other stuff, like the maps, gamemodes, poor matchmaking, and player drain makes this a game I can't recommend to a new player.
Always  play 3 matches after that i can only play half a match beacuse the package lost goes ap shit already try everything to fix im kinda ok with the grind and even with paying money but god damm does servers and like all the people the have the same problem get deleted for trying to fix the game and keep playing with the respond of disconect your router it will fix everything lol and only on this game is happening any other game is fine and the soviet russia stalin bias lol.
Ok i have been playing this game for a good year or two and dont get me wrong it is fun. But trying to get more vehicles take FOREVER it is just WAYYY to long
u know what i would love to know why ther battle rateing and trs its the most stupedest thin the deves could ever think up the game is grat the guts is great but the match making is one of the worst i mean if i '';s h a t;'' in my hand and wrote war thunder match making in it i would already be better than the curnt one i mean cummon make your mind up u wana do tears or battle rating mak ya mind up on one 's h i t s' me even more cause its pointless revewing like this cause one devs wont read and if thay did like thay would change it or even put a vote to change mmm wat ever  solid 8 out of 10 for gameplay amd 1 out of 10 for Russian matchmaking
Was put into a PvE match.  Could not penetrate a single tank.  Was shooting them from behind literally at a range of <10ft.  Didn't penetrate a single shot.

Was put into a second PvE match.  Could not penetrate a single tank.  Didn't penetrate a single shot.

PvP is mildly fun.  I don't understand the PvE thing.  Would not play again.
I dont usually make this kind of claims.... But this game is total fucked over with all the hackers and utter utter russian bais. Dont play it. And dont play wot either
You read the reviews, ignoring the negative ones not wanting to burst your excitement bubble. It's free, what the heck let's give it a try. A couple of hours later, you soon realize there's nothing special about the game and you're better off go back to Civ, Witcher 3, PUBG.
do not do it. if you like yelling at your computer more often than smiling. there is just to many factors that really piss you off in a normal game. lets put a player skill beside the point. for a random match making game u need to worry about : getting put in a game with enemy vehicles far far superior to yours, if the map is brutal, if the sun is against you or behind you, rng in your shots and rng on your armor, spawn killing, getting stuck on buggy terrain, dealing with poison chat, your current vehicle being unable to drive on that map becuase the mechanics are so horrible its unplayabe at times.  they have added so many random bullshit vehicles that it is no longer a battle sim. it honestly feels like they are trying to turn warthunder into the next call of duty. soooo disapointed in gaijin i wonder if i should go back to world of tanks
I jumped into a game, got 300 ping and went ok, lets see how this goes. It was sooo jaring. I looked for a fix online and couldn't find anything. i then gave up on that and went in a new game and then got 360 ping and it felt terrible. The main mechanics of the game is cool if i could play the game at all but until i can get sub 300 ping uninstall.
it looks good at first, then the pay to progress mechanics sneak up on you. Its not pay to win, strictly speaking, at lower levels, but youll need money to handle stuff more and more as time goes on.
this game is terrible, the match making is horrible, the tanks are horribly balanced, the shell and shrapnel mechanics are complete bullshit. after tier 2 everything becomes so expensive to unlock progress grinds to a halt. they need to make everything in this game 10 times cheaper... and all the players are either noobs or tryhards. the devs keep adding shitty and pointless vehicles that only make the game less balanced. they don't even fix the issues with the game. there's also a pay to win bias, to progress past tier 3 you need to pay lots of money. and when you get to tier 2 the game becomes way less fun and unenjoyable. overall i give this game a 2/10, based on my own experience with the game its early tiers are fun but the higher tiers become hell. don't waste your time playing this shitty game.
this game is so bullshit 99% of the time. You can be one shot by pretty much any tank in the game, because bullets apparently explode and become shotgun pellets when piercing armor. makes no fucking sense. the boats are just boring as fuck. the planes are the only good part of this shitty game and even they suck ass. and dont get me started on the ui. nothing makes sense and the whole thing seems extremely disorganized and confusing. The tutorials for the different vehicles(?) are these tiny little buttons off to the side you likely wont notice until the game shoves it down your throat. and the tutorials are complete shit too. everything is dumbed down to the point where even a baby would get sick of it. And the tutorial for the ui pops up randomly is super annoying and doesnt teach you jack shit. i want to play the game not see you show me how to upgrade vehicles. Speaking of, you cant close the window for the upgrades until you've wasted all your xp points, which is very confusing and annoying at first. 2 hours of my life wasted. want an actually good game? just play world of tanks or one of the spinoffs.
Fucking shitty ass game, you grind hours apon hours on end and still get fucking nowhere AND when you do get somewhere you figure out that the tank or plane you got is ass (wont count ships because they are a joke) On top of you being complete shit unless you go fucking Russian.
I just wanted to play a flight game with VR.

Immediately got an email the next day stating that someone logged into my account.

Good thing I made up a new password for this game since I don't trust f2p anyways.
NEVER INSTALL THIS GAME, if you're a german user, DON'T INSTALL IT, there's a bias of everything except axis tanks and also, even if you're a WW2 tank they put you with tea sucker cold war tanks or post-war tanks.
0/10 enemy tank hit my tracks and my tank burnt down because of it, wouldn't slowly roll into battle in a heavily armored tank only to get 1 shot again.
it doesent fucking work

yesterday i downloaded this game, played the shit out of it, but now it SAYS its in my steam library, and all the system files are in my pc, but it isnt in my library, and when i run the game it tells me to download it, and when i press download it says i dont have enough ram.

its a fun game but whats the point if i cant fucking play it?
This Game is a complete joke, Honestly if you have no life and love to use hacks in a free game then you found what you been looking for. 
match making is a joke
Pay to win 100% in game
tanks act like they are in water 
planes act like hot air balloons 
the ammo is a joke 
needs to be pulled from steam asap
also its just another china game designed to gain your info, use a fake email to play this trash! if you have too.
tons of things running in the background so run your anti virus 1st.

best just to pass this junk up. 

uninstalling this trash.
I was told to get this by a couple of friends and have invested a small amount of time into it (2.5hours at the time of writing) and have only tried aircraft. From my experience so far it just seems very pay to win with the fact you have to buy more slots (lives) to put planes into and the large amount of time between fights. Maybe its just to bland and realisitic for me to have fun but if that is your style of game than give it a try, its free so you might as well
Nations aren't placed in fair match making because of the Battle Rating system. We don't like to face vehicles that are way better than what we have. Heavy armor is O.K. But cold war shells and systems fighting against late WW2 tanks butcher any late WW2 grinder in the nation (example). At least I hope the match maker is more balanced, if ever, in the future.
really good game but screwd up matchmaking. I cant even win enough matches to unlock more vehicles !! The result is pretty much always the same....rage quitting!!!
Tank "realistic" battles are about camping (boring af). Then you get shot through indestructible building (visible in the kill cam) or halfway across the map through 2 lines of bushes and a small forest by someone not even rendered for you, it is time to alt f4 and never look back.
Arcade is unplayable, too much drifting and almost no control over the tank.
Planes have terrible matches. Takes forever to get to the fight/objective area only to have your left wing shot off. Most low tier planes can't even climb to reach the fight or just to gain speed to strike.
Boats I don't care about.
Can not grind for vehicles in this game because you lose in game money if you lose due to repair cost which is pretty much gambling if you use real money.
NOT RECOMMENDED! A potentially good game ruined by greed.

I've put some hundred hours in this game over the last some years. And I have to say the game mechanics is utterly set for pay-to-win style. The matchmaker is broken as ever, the matches are oddly imbalanced. Often have to go against 2 rank higher tanks with my highest ranked tank. There's always a "favoured side". It is a pain to make money to buy the researched tanks over rank 6.0 (10.0 max) 

EXCEPT YOU BUY PREMIUM AND MORE PREMIUM STUFF 
(like training speed ups, etc. to have a fair-enough-crew for each tank you like. Otherwise it takes several months to grind them to a barely acceptable level). 
And frankly this company (Gaijin) doesn't deserve £50-£60 but not even £20 per month. 

As many people have already said the game has great realism, great physics, but in order to get kills and therefore progress, you need to camp 24/7.
Low BR arcade is the best mode by far, thing move a lot, even if you die, you'll be back to the battle shortly after respawning.
As you progress in ranks, the realism is enjoyable, spotting enemies from a far makes it intense and fun.
Though as you progress
   America: great armour, good guns,
   Germany: shit armour for most, great guns
   Russia: decent armour, no capacity to kill Americans (BR 2 to 5)
   Others do not rly matter, I guess the Japanese are good though.

Overall Slow ass game, I know it's trying to be realist but common map that are 10 KM long moving at 20 KM/H, it's just straight boring, played a match few days ago 2 guys out of 25 got some kills and then it was over where is the fun at...

Do not recommend til the jumbos are not fixed: historically speaking they cannot even pierce any given German and currently the one shot all of them.

Long review I know but the dev rly needs to listen to the community if we want to have a good experience.

I love this game it was so much fun, but it would have been an amazing game, but being that gaijin broke it with there new updates its begun to just suck. 
list of problems that I've had happen
- i can fire without a gun breach
- enemy tanks can fire with out gun breaches
- half the times rounds don't do what the should do
- I can shoot a tank that is broad side but yet the round wont go off 
- often rounds bounce off a 90 degree section of un-angled armor
- rounds wont pen flat areas of armor
So STOP adding new stuff and fix you're game!
this game was great before they dumbed down the amount of silver you get for a kill. to break even at even the lower tier tanks or planes you have to get two kills for every one death. even then you only get maybe 1,000-3,000 in surplus. if you play a match without any kill and die you'll lose all that money from the previous match. now its just a way to get you to buy more in game currency because its almost impossible to earn it. in the other aspecs its a good game. but im going with my gut on this one using what i said above and give this thumbs down. ill change this thumbs down to a thumbs up if they get their act together with the cash grab.
This only pertains to Ground vehicles as i'm not inclined to give my opinion on aerial/naval combat in this game.

Are you looking for a more realistic simulator for world war 2 ground vehicles? Look no further than this. And i mean that literally. Unless you're willing to put in a serious competitive commitment to this game it's not worth your time to go past the World war 2 vehicles (around Battle Rating 7.0+)

War Thunder is an interesting game, but the lack of cohesion and historical exemptions are pushing a very fine line for me. 
You would think that in a well situated and tank operating nation say the United States, that they would equip their men with adequate materials to help keep the tank in working order, say spare tracks. But here in war thunder that doesn't exist, and you need to "research" your parts and Fire Prevention Equipment for every single tank in your technological tree. No exceptions, you want parts to help put that tread back on? Either pay Gaijin in their premium currency or sit there and suffer until you've suffered enough to actually unlock it. 

Speaking of research, there is a massive amount of it. If you wanted to have a remote chance of being able to unlock all of the vehicles, you'd have to go back to essentially the launch of the game and play from there. I bought this game in late 2017, its been about a year since I downloaded it (off of the Gaijin store) and within that year of semi-continuous play, I still haven't reached the top tier of the British line, you know, the one i started on in 2017. Most of the new vehicles in the game you will never be able to reach unless you A: Pay Gaijin to boost research or B: Spend the next 4 years of your life doing nothing but playing this game. 

Although this game does have "realistic" mechanics, there is a severe lack of cohesion from what I've experienced. And it ain't the 3 hours on my steam account that lead me to such an abysmal experience. Its recommended that British players sit back and let support the objectives in game, which i am more than capable of doing. The problem within that is the following: Most of your team with heavy vehicles and tanks will not push forward to make progress and will stay behind cover or terrain depositions in a sort of perpetual sniping match with another group 600 meters away. (In arcade at least) So now, when the enemy goes to capture the points I'm forced to use my medium armored vehicles to actually get to the points and secure them. Which is hell of a lot harder when you're the only one going. (PLEASE NOTE: This entire paragraph doesn't go for everyone in the game, there have been plenty of times where the enemy foxhole'd up and didn't move and our entire team moving on the points). 

Overall I don't recommend this game to everyone. It is certainly not everyone's game and i don't think is worth any payoff. But the game is free and i recommend anyone reading this to (if they wish to) try it out themselves and see what they think.
The combat vehicles in this game in [b] NO Longer[/b]  crafted carefully from historical documents and surviving sources. The new update using a formula that is for Engineering studies and ignore facts made the game experience to become worse. 

This Game [b] DOSE NOT [/b] the same like the Gaijin say in Advertisement.
new gaming laptop, and the game frequently completely locks up the computer. from what i can tell from playing it, it is basically wot, except you can switch out to a plane and play artillery, play multiple tanks in same battle, the user interface is uglier, and you die quicker. wot might suck too, but at minimum it doesn't lock up the computer. just sick of rebooting of the computer.
I'll start off with the good I guess.  TANKS!  That was all I needed to know at the time I downloaded this.  Tanks are rad, and this game really nails that statement home if you ask me; visually, and conceptually more so than certain competitors do.  The mechanics for shell-penetration and "terminal ballistics", if you will, are outstanding, and really forces a player to think about not just shooting an opponent, but where, when, and how to shoot an opponent.  This level of detail really makes this game stand out in my opinion.  But there's a caveat to this:  It takes a decent amount of skill. 

With that in mind, if you're more of a casual gamer, I would pass this one by.  I'm not into competitive online gaming, just tanks.  For a casual tank-loving gamer like me though, this game is what would happen if World of Tanks met Dark Souls one dark and stormy night, and 9 months later they had a child with a couple of birthmarks that looked like airplanes and patrol boats.  

Oh!  My biggest actual gripe against this game would be that in order to get some "Golden Eagles"(Game currency) I would need a Steam account(Check), A Gaijin account, AND a DMM account.  Really?  3 accounts just so I can have a couple of fun cosmetic upgrades for a T-34 and just to utilize my transferrable Research Points?  No thanks, I'll pass.  I'm not even necessarily opposed to the idea of a Premium account getting access to extra goodies, but I shouldn't have to give my personal info out to so many entities just to take advantage of this .  Steam should be enough.

TL;DR: Tanks are Cool, Game is HARD, but if you want a competitive game with a lot of technical depth and some truly iconic military vehicles, I don't think you could do better than this, but stick with free-to-play.  Overall though, not my cup of tea.
the russian bias is so bad in this game im convinced the company is actually run by Stalin's ghost........Wargaming doesnt penetration mechanics better and thats an arcade game.................
I've spent more money and time on this game than any other, but I'm getting tired of it.  If you're a fighter pilot, this game is tailored for you!  If you're also inclined to ground-pound, even better!  If you are interested in driving tanks or flying bombers, or if you want to ground-pound but cannot dogfight, then I have bad news: This is a fighter pilot game, and the devs seem inclined to keep it that way.

In this game, some good attention is payed to tanks, bombers, boats, and ships, but they're all really just targets for the fighter aircraft.  In WWII, combat air support was in its infancy, and the most airplanes did was to keep columns of tanks and supplies from being able to move on the roads during daylight hours.  In this game, control of "Realistic Tank Battles" is in the air.  Your side frequently wins or loses in the air, and if you're in the fight to drive a tank, you can only watch.  There are anti-aircraft vehicles, but frequently these are so light that any fighter can strafe you to death, and you are only given tracer rounds, so every fighter knows where you are as soon as you shoot at any of them.

It's free to play and you *can* win without paying, but paying certainly increases your chances steeply.


I tried to get back into this game only to realize why I quit in the first place. 

The battle rating in matchmaking is too large in my opinion, you'll notice the problem when your Tiger 2 is facing T-54s and other cold war tanks. You'll notice it even more when you get a T-54 or cold war tank only to be fighting near end of the cold war era tanks, can you kill them? Yes, is it fair and rewarding? Absolutely not, I played a game the other night on realistic in my T-64 I killed 3 whales in their XM-1 tanks, only to get sniped by a top BR tank, fine I respawn in my T-54 and try to get back into the fight, before I move 10 feet out of my spawn I get hit by a rocket, and then a 2nd one, both fired from a Huey in the enemy spawn across the map. 

I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone unless they only plan to do tier 1-2 tanks, that's probably the most fun I've had in this game.
for a long time ive played this game this has been little process done to improve the game, for example the battle rating is still broken gaijin refuses to fix it i have been getting put in matches to where im going up against tanks to where i cant do no damage to them. Ive played war thunder for 400 hours and spent a lot of money which was a big mistake cause gaijin is money hungry company similar to EA,but at least EA has the tendency to fix broken aspects of the game like the battle rating as i said is still not fixed this game is completely paid to win not play to win, this game infuriated me for the last time with its bullshit mechanics and gameplay ive played both plane and tanks, plane was a pain in the ass i was still flying in props and i was being pitted up against jets i couldnt keep up. honestly i wouldnt recommend this game to anyone
Before, it was a ridiculously expensive pay-to-win game. In fact it could easily be the most expensive game in game history. It was not a battle of tanks, but a battle of who can spend the most ridiculous amount of money on his tank.

Now, it is even more... expensive and it is NOT even a pay-to-win game anymore! It is a pay-or-spectate game. Without a premium account and if you have a bad Kill/Death ratio (which you will have, since you did not spent money), you get a [b] negative balance [/b] of Silver Lions (the main game currency). And with a negative balance of Silver Lions, you can't progress.

Even WITH a premium account (which gives more Silver Lions), you could easily LOSE the Silver Lions YOU earned after HOURS AND HOURS of gaming. Perhaps your ping was higher than the tanks that killed you. Perhaps you though it was fun to try something risky. Perhaps you played while tired or distracted. [b] Or simply perhaps because you played against players who spent more money for their tanks than you. [/b]

[b] This game is not free. Pay a good amount of euros per month or you are wasting your time. Pay-or-spectate. [/b]

[i] By the way "65% of reviews in the last 30 days are positive"? That doesn't make any sense to me! Perhaps Steam should investigate bot voting. [/i]
You have to grind for countless hours to get to higher tier planes and when you get there you lose more silver lions playing than you earn because of the bizare repair costs of the planes (unless you get an unrealistic amount of kills and still it wouldnt be that good). Be prepared to pay a lot of money if you want to actually enjoy this game and not play a grinding simulator feeding off frustration so you'll buy a premium account or premium plane which would still only make the game OKAY grinding for, still feels like you're being scammed on your time. Other than that it's a good game but theyre not going to change the way it is.
I found the game fun, but i found myself being constantly fucked when i got to i high playing field in arcade
in short, i feel useless, so end up just quitting the match, or even just alt+f4 ing out of the  game. It's good, but not for me because when you drive a mklll tank and get yeeted by a light one, it just makes me want to die.
And yes i have tried a change in tactics.

Another thing as well, about planes, if you play arcade for long enough here's what it should look like:

you:*kill some planes*
you:*do something repetitive and boring for the next hour*
you:*come across a red skull plane*
you:* try to attack it*
red skull:*shoots out your pilot every time for 10 minutes*
-you lose the match-
If you want to play British at hightier do not.  Your supplied with 2 shells at this point, HESH and APDS, which are both handy for killing bugs and blowing away dust.  HESH is perfect for exterminating that ant problem, but too bad it is a tank game and you are shooting at tanks with humans inside of them.  Also, APDS is meant for killing dirt and doing nothing, again too bad its a tank game and when your sub caliber goes into any tank, a leopard for example, simply nothing will happen.
Waste of time if you dont have 2000$ to pay for premium or some premium tanks or planes. If you dont pay you get stuck at tier 5-6 you cant earn enouth Silver Lions thus you cant buy the tanks you grinded reaserch for so war tunder economy total BS. The core game is amazing i love it but this impossible grind its just not worth it its a free to play game until tier 4 then you need to pay.Ive decided to leave war tunder and im not gonna reccomend it to anyone.
They have ruined this game. This game was a blast many years ago now, when I get on it is just a bunch of pay to win scumbags who have no lives other than video games that just sit at their desk all day spending loads and loads of cash just to get a completely over powered vehicle just to spawn camp and make the game not fun for others. I would continue playing this game if they just got rid of spawn camping, shoot a fresh spawned tank, the enemy who shot the fresh spawned should just be destroyed and they loose their spawn points. I would not recommend this game to anyone ever now it is just a broken mess of bugs and no lives.
Economy in this game is f#cked. Repairs are completely random, one plane costs 9k SL to repair, the following plane (just a varient of the former) barely has a higher Battle Rating, but the repair is set at 20k. Theres zero sense behind it. The plane will barely be more effective in combat and thus not really generate more SL income, yet you have to pay twice the amount to repair it.
Meanwhile, all Gaijin does is add new high tier content so people get either stuck in a never ending grind or pay. Its nuts. Tier 7 Incoming is the next big joke.
Haven't played this game in years, but i'm glad people in Russia, Ukraine, Ecuador and Armenia seem to be having fun with my account. After deleting the account, i'm going to stay far away from Gaijin anything
You have to pay real legal tender to put bushes on your vehicle which in realistic and sim games gives you a clear advantage over non bush users, and at 7 in the morning have to wait 6 minutes to find one game of 6.0 french planes so
