I've been playing Path of Exile since 2011 closed beta and it's remarkable how far the game has come purely from crowd funding.  The passion of the userbase is equally matched by it's developers.  They've shown throughout the years to constantly improve and tweak the game with regularly scheduled content additions.  I still feel I don't know everything there is to know about this game, and that isn't changing any time soon.  Path of Exile is an incredibly complex and rewarding game that is definitely worth your time.

Outside of having an absurdly intricate skill tree and a fantastic crafting/currency system,  the other large appeal of this game is the end-game.  Most ARPGs fail to offer incentive to continue to play your character after you've exhausted the content.  Usually this just comes in the form of a easily attainable level cap or grinding the same final zone of the game at length.  Instead, in POE you are given item drop instances, as described by the developers: 

"Maps can drop as normal, magic, rare or unique with higher rarity Maps yielding more items. Using a Map item opens six portals to the area, which can each only be used once. Like most other items in Path of Exile, Maps have mods that change their risks and rewards. Map mods can affect the size or complexity of the level, monster packs, monster properties or even alter characters while in the level. Players can modify Maps themselves using their currency items. For example, you can use an Orb of Transmutation to turn a normal Map into a magic Map, or use an Orb of Alteration to reroll its mods."

It goes to say that each and every map is a different experience, with room for countless variation in modifiers letting you push the limits of your character.  Not all characters are equal.  You will find that some characters that excell in early progression have difficulty in the end-game and visa versa.  Each character I've made has informed the next which is critical in a game that rewards experience and skill.

And if that wasn't enough, POE offers alternative ARPG experiences in the form of daily race events which are time based leveling with unique modifiers that you won't see in the real game like 'Turbo Mode'.  Moreover some of these races have entirely unique content like Descent: Champions or Endless Ledge which offer players the ability to win special art reskins of legendary items for the leagues of their choice.

All in all POE is a truly exciting game and a breath of fresh air for the genre.
This game is not very friendly to casual players, beginners will have a relatively hard time grasping the game's multiple mechanics that have never been in an ARPG previously. However those who put in the time to learn the game's basics will be rewarded with a tremendously addictive game with nearly infinite ways to play. There are many reviews here explaining what the game's features are, but on mine I would like to focus on what a newbie can expect when first playing. I recommend reading this after having read one of the other reviews, that will do a better overview of what the actual game features are.

Some of the first struggles a new player will face when first starting this game will be:
[list]

  [*]Learning what is good and what isn't for their character (Many gems/passive traits can be "noob traps", such as going full evasion/energy shield gear (without proper understanding of how ES works), or building a full glass cannon character, which is not a good idea (even in a non-hardcore league).

  [*]Learning to plan their character before even making it. PoE is all about planning, and building your character as you go is rarely a good idea. This is something that players learn over time, and meanwhile a good way to decide what to play is to find a fun skill in-game, and then look up a build for it on the forums (link provided below). Remember that almost anything can work in this game, with proper planning.

  [*]The economy - PoE's economy is based on trading. There is no universal currency such as gold. There are, in it's place, currency items. Currency items are the items that are used for buying and selling in PoE, but they have an added value in the effects that they can have when used on items. For example: An orb of alchemy can turn a white item (item with no stats), into a rare item with random stats. All the currency in PoE has a different use, and some are rarer than others, adding value to them. I will add a link in my list of links at the end of this review/guide where you can trade items, and trade one currency for another. You can also see the value of each currency there.

  [*]The gem system. Going back to the subject of "noob traps", the gem system has many of them. In PoE, skill gems can level like your character, however there are reasons to consider not leveling them. For example, the "Cast when damage taken" gem, which, causes skills linked to it to be automatically casted when you take a specific amount of damage, sometimes should not be leveled, because leveling it increases the amount of damage you need to take in order for the skills to trigger, which can lead to skills not triggering as often as you'd like. Another example is the clarity gem, that gives you a mana regen aura. Leveling it increases the amount of mana reserved, which can be undesirable. It is recommended that you research what changes with each level up for your gems. Leveling gems also increases the level and stat requirement, so if for whatever reason you lose some of an attribute, all of a sudden you will not be able to use that gem anymore until you get more, or, due to the increased level requirement, you will not be able to equip it on another character until they're higher level.

  [*]The gear system. From mods to sockets, gear in Path of Exile will rarely be equippable as soon as you get it: Those gloves you just got have amazing stats, but the sockets aren't the right color, or aren't linked! Which means you have to craft on them (crafting is the act of spending currency to modify an item, such as linking sockets with orb of fusing). Many times as a new player have I gotten an upgrade, but screwed myself over by spending all my currency trying to craft on it, or on something else, and not ending up with the result I desired, resulting in the item being put in the stash until I had more currency to use on the item. Some management is required.
[/list]

The list will be updated if I am reminded of new things to add to it.

All in all, PoE is a great game, one of my favorite games, and once you get into it, you can expect to be playing it for a really long time. The relatively high barrier of entry might intimidate you as a new player, but if you don't mind doing some research of game mechanics, few games will provide the gameplay that PoE provides. 


[table]
[tr][th][b]Useful links:[/b][/th][/tr]
[tr][th][url=http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Path_of_Exile_Wiki] PoE's Official Wiki, your best friend when playing this game. Almost any question about the game is answered here.  [/url]
[tr][th][url=http://poe.trade/] PoE Goods page, where you can trade with other players [/url][/th] 
[/tr]
[tr][th][url=https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/1774022] PoE community builds list, link is for witch but at the top there are links for other classes[/url][/th][th] Might be outdated depending on when you're reading this [/th] [/tr]
[tr][th][url=http://poeplanner.com/]PoE passive skill tree planner, so you can decide where to spend your points before even starting your playthrough [/url][/th]
At the time of writing this review I have 2498 hours put into this game. 

You should consider playing Path of Exile if: 
1. You liked Diablo 2, but find Diablo 3 underwhelming and the end game too boring and simple. 
2. You like ARPGs
3. You like games in which there are several tasks at any time you can spend your time on (crafting, farming, trading, theorycrafting, etc.) 
4. You seek a balanced game where there are numerous viable builds and only your creativity with the houndreds and houndreds of items and skill gems limits you. 
5. You want to play a game that is constantly updated and balanced with large content additions all the time, including a major expansion every year. 
6. You're looking for a game that is truly free to play. All purchasable stuff is cosmetic, with the exception of some quality-of-life upgrades, which are not necessary in order to enjoy and play the game. 

Path of Exile has a lot more "depth" to it than other ARPGs on the market. The skill system, where you can mix-and-match between skill gems; the unique items with special and sometimes build-enabling stats, and the end game map system all contribute to a game that takes something simple and turns it very interesting. 

Personally, I cannot recommend this game enough. I have played WoW, Diablo, LoL, CS, HS, HotS, SC, and many other games for countless hours, but no game has ever kept me interested for the amount of time that Path of Exile has - it just keeps getting better, and the developers communicate a lot with the community in order to continue to improve the game. 

BUY IT!!! No, wait, it's free.
Most expensive game on Steam.

I spent USD 50 *after* playing it for the first time 10 hours straight!

Not because I had to. But I wanted to.

Many people on steam may think that 10 hours of consecutive gaming is no big deal. But not for me. I’m almost 40. Have a wife, 3 kids, and a demanding job. On any day if I can do 2 hours of uninterrupted gaming, I’m in bliss.

POE is that good.

I don’t know what took me so long to find this game. I went into this game completely blind. No reviews. No gameplay videos. No guides. 

It is newbie friendly enough that I could move along the progression. Yet complex enough that I kept wondering what are all these interesting things all around. It makes me feel like a little kid visiting another continent for the first time. Everyone and everything are the same, yet interestingly unique and different.

It has the right about of min-max, complexity, and grind. Yet it has flexibility and freedom to truly do whatever I want!

So yes. 

The most expensive game on Steam. Not because I had to. But I wanted to.
Got leaped by Goats, rhoad from Rhoas, smashed by Vaal, touched by the God, awaken by a Nightmare and lost in the Labyrinth.
 
+ Huge passive skill tree offering in-depth character customisation
+ Interesting spell customisation using gems
+ Interesting trading system relying on barter only
+ Well balanced (Very little Faceroll/OP builds, almost every build has drawbacks and strength)
+ Game is very skill based
+ New skills and Uniques get implemented frequently
+ Music is good and got some special moments
+ Very strong party play 
+ New Leagues
+ Races
+ Tons of Loot and fine Uniques
+ Crafting
+ Hideouts for nice fast trades and showcases
+ Actual some kind of endgame compared to other hacknslay
+ Nice artwork
+ No pay2win
+ F2P as it should be

- Desync
- Kills your social life

 
10/10

★★★★★

02.08.2015 Desync is once and for all gone
Simply the most in-depth Hack'n'Slash out there and the best according to me. Character customization is top-notch and replayability is huge. I have a little bit over 1k hours played on it (did not link the game to my steam account immediately) and I still  have many things to discover. However, it is a "hardcore game" less accessible than Diablo 3 or others games.

Pros:
- Huge passive skill tree offering in-depth character customisation
- Interesting spell customisation using gems (close to FFVII's materia system)
- Interesting trading system relying on barter only (no gold or any other in-game currency)
- Interesting crafting system allowing to modify dropped items
- Game is very skill based (rare for a hack'n'slash!)
- Very little Faceroll/OP builds, almost every build has drawbacks and strength

Cons:
- Can be hard to get into: trading system can seem overwhelming and in-game mechanics are quite complicated so use of the wiki and forum is much advised
- Animation can seem clunky at the beginning and game seems to play slow at the beginning
- Player can feel like reaching a gear-ceiling at the beginning of end-game if playign self-found (much better since Forsaken Master's 1.2 update though)
- Will eat your life if you get into it...
3 Scoops of Diablo
2 Cups of Torchlight
1 Dash of Inventory Tetris
5 Handfulls of Skill Tree Building Delight
1 Tablespoon of The Only Decent Microtransaction System In Gaming History

Roast in the PC Oven for Virtually Limitless Hours Of Scrumptious Content
Then feast away whilst being slowing consumed by the guilt of paying nothing for an all you can eat buffet
One of the best (and true to form) "Free to Play" games currerntly available.
Positives;
~ Monetization is 90% cosmetic, %10 item storage upgrades; Neither of which is an obvious "Pay to Win".
~ Near limitless replayability with Maps and character building
~ Extremely open-ended character building system. You are, in no way, restricted to any particular role or build with each starting class.
~ Crafting system is fairly robust.
~ Hideouts are a neat little private space and hobby.
~ "Power creep" does not really kick in until end-game (Maps, lv70+)
~ Boss fights are usually fairly well put together and the major attacks are telegraphed.
~ The Labyrinth is a neat system for checking one's build and is fun to explore.
~ Trade system is especially easy to get involved with. Their "Public" tabs automatically load things you place in them to a trade website, without you having to register or post them, yourself. The public market is fairly well established.
~ Leagues generally add an interesting mechanic of some sort. Popular mechanics are added to the "Standard" league and made a part of the core game.

Negatives;
~ The program is not the most well optimized and there may be some performance issues, but this seems to be less of a problem as time matches on.
~ Hideouts need an item cap higher than 750 items. (This is me nit-picking)

So, yeah, I would say that this game is plenty of fun to play and their business model is one of the most generous available.

If you are a fan of ARPG games, then give Path of Exile a try. Chances are, you will not be disappointed.
If you like Action RPG but have not played this game yet, you must. Grinding Gear Games, an indie gaming company with their entirely free-to-play game, have created one of the most complex, in-depth and innovative ARPG in the gaming industry.

[h1]Business Model[/h1]
First of all, this game has one of the most fair and ethical business model you could ever see in the free-to-play market. Absolutely nothing you can get with real money gives you advantage over other players. This encourage players to support the game because they actually want to donate for the developing and its developers and not because they are forced to progress.

[h1]Audiovisual art[/h1]
The developers have stated that they "are sick of the recent trend towards bright, cartoony RPGs. The art style [they] chose for [i]Path of Exile[/i] is dark, gritty and realistic". The graphics are beautifully detailed, the music is iconig and the voice acting is outstanding.

[h1]Gameplay & Mechanics[/h1]
The customization and character progression in [i]Path of Exile[/i] is complex and impressively in-depth, with a vast diversity in their mechanics.

[b]Classes[/b]
Each one of the 7 classes starts at different location of a passive skill tree, composed by 1325 nodes, with non-linear progression (the tree is actually a web).

[b]Items & Gears[/b]
Set items is a horrible decision for builds diversity, so this is not what you will find here. Of course there are Unique items, but having a full set of Uniques of the same theme/type does not grant you bonus mods. This is meant to be this way to avoid forcing players to play with sets, breaking their character building freedom.

The item drops: maps, divination cards, jewels, gear items (their category, rarity, mods, gem sockets and links), are randomly generated.

[b]Jewels[/b]
There are socketable nodes in the Passive Skill Tree that makes possible to socket Jewels that grants bonus and special attributes to your skill tree. These jewels have rarity, mods and can be crafted too.

[b]Skills[/b]
The skill system made by gems makes possible that the characters are not limitative to a few skills, so the game does not dictate how the player is going to play. These gems have level and attribute requirements according to their color (Strength, red; Dexterity, green; Intelligence, blue), they can be leveled up, have quality % and can be corrupted for bonus mods.

[b]Divination Cards[/b]
This kind of items are collectibles that gives you a specific item once you have gather enough cards of a set. Each card is dropped in a specific areas of the map. This system allow players to systematically work their way to the acquisition of the items they want, without having to rely on an eternal grinding.

[b]Maps[/b]
Their structures and pack of monsters are randomly generated, and is the main focus of the end-game, since they can be crafted.

[b]Currency & Crafting[/b]
There is no gold in [i]Path of Exile[/i], there are 25 currency items (orbs) that have crafting functionality. They can add/remove/re-roll the mods of the items, modify the sockets (number, colors and links) of the gear items, they can corrupt the items, change their rarity, etc. Basically people trade items for items they are going to use, and not for gold. This makes the trade highly in-depth and open.

[b]Forsaken Masters[/b]
There are 6 Masters (NPCs). Each one of them can be leveled up to level 8 by doing daily missions, and they offer crafting bench and hideouts that can be decorated and customized as the player wish.

The variety of builds and the hideout customization is so open that the developers runs two series called Build of the Week and Hideout of the Week.

[h1]Developers & Support[/h1]
The developers work along side with the community to improve the game and add new content. They do a great job balancing the game and deploying constant patches and updates. The support is surprisingly responsive and open to any kind of feedback.

[h1]Conclusion[/h1]
All these elements makes the different ways a character may progress literally infinite, and the game always encourage to make new builds and try different mechanics. Some players likes to experiment with builds and other players likes to break the "rules" and metas to come with insane mechanics. The developers are, as explained, the most ethical and responsive gaming company you could find out there considering the success of their game. Reason to be disclosed: they are hardcore gamers creating a game after all, what would be better than that?
The reason you are seeing 50% higher player numbers is that us players have lost faith in Blizzard and are all hailing the new ARPG leaders.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thank you for still making a game instead of trying to make a cash cow. Players will bring the cash as long as the game is worth playing and you are doing a fine job at it.

You all deserve a pizza.
I've spent about as much money on this game as I would have on a similar non-F2P RPG and I still feel guilty. I feel like I've ripped off the hard-working developers and artists who put this game together. I never needed to buy anything. I never needed to pay one red cent. There is no mechanical advantage to paying for the (kick-ass) cosmetic changes. But if I'm ever flush with cash I'll be sinking more coin into Path of Exile. Simply because I don't feel like I've paid enough for this awesome game, given so freely. 

Play this game. And then reward the designers for their lack of greed. Please buy some stuff because I told you to. I'll sleep better at night.
Free to play, free to own. There are microtransactions that keep Grinding Gear Games up and running, but they are only cosmetic and stash related. There is no "pay to win". Speaking of winning, there is a new ladder season every 3 months, and ladder characters are automatically transferred to the standard league at the end of the season, so you never lose your characters. Every new ladder season comes with a twist, a special sub-plot that changes every season. The current season's (Sept, Oct, Nov 2018) speciality is called Delve, where you can mine stuff underground and win great rewards.

I love this game and highly recommend it.
This game is not for everybody, and that's okay. The story mode alone is worth placing this in your "try" list, especially since it's a free title.

Pros:

- The developer is the publisher. Tencent is now majority investor, but the negative affects (if any) haven't been seen by the players.
- Microtransactions are convenience/cosmetic. MTX shop is not forced on you.
- Diverse playstyles, replayability is really high. (see reviews with thousands of hours)
- Content for literal days. New new areas and mechanics seem to come every quarter.


Cons:

- The game mechanics behind character stats are not what I'd consider intuitive. Learning it on your own without guides/videos/friends is nearly impossible.
- Boss difficulty is very spikey. If you don't have something recording to re-watch your deaths, you'll have many moments wondering where you made a mistake.
- The new player experience is a bit lacking when it comes to builds. It's a common theme among my friends that doing your first play-through, you get hard stuck at some point in story mode. If you made it this far through the review, do yourself a favor and follow a new player guide or build guide.


TL;DR:
Many, many hours of fun without any required paying. Not new player friendly, be prepared to start over if you don't follow a guide.


To conclude, I mentioned earlier that PoE is not for everyone. After 150 hrs, I've come to find out it's not for me, either. That doesn't make it a bad game, and I still firmly place it in "recommended" for anyone who enjoys ARPG/Hack and Slash games. I will not be playing any more, but I do not regret my time spent in PoE. Good luck, exile.

If I'm being honest, I actually hate this game. I personally find it a boring, time consuming adventure.

Why am I recommending it?

Because I know quality when I play it. In addition to the great reviews this game has, I can personally attest to its uniqueness. Its skill system is complex and, like I said, can take years off your life if you let it. It seems as though the developers really put care into the game and I love seeing that in the gaming industry.

If you want a game that improves on the Diablo formula, you should play this game. 
If you want a game that you can go into and get something done within an hour, this isn't it. I understand it's a more 'hardcore' game where time and effort is rewarded and 'laziness' isn't. 

It's just not for me, the once hardcore player-turned casual.

9/10
I will never stop playing this game.

This game is one of those games that will never, ever, be uninstalled. The classes are fantastic, the skills are even better, and the combinations of possiblities for character builds are absolutely mind boggling. While it may have a steep learning curve, if you enjoy ARPGs it is well worth investing the time to learn some of the more interesting mechanics.

Path of Exile is constantly updated with new content, new skills, new mechanics and various Quality of Life improvements. The team at Grinding Gear Games actually care about the integrity of what they are producing and also have an incredibly fair buisness model, no pay to win here. You will often find the devs posting in reddit, and the constant communication from the team in news posts, development manifests and incident reports when the servers go down are unrivaled by any other devs in the industry.

If you are looking for a new ARPG or even just something different to play then give it a shot. 100% free to play with only ethical microtransactions, there is no reason not to try it.


Edit: The content just keeps coming... Quality of Life, new acts, new skills, new end game, xbox release. These guys will never stop updating the game, there is always something new to do or something to try. There are regular meta changes and new mechanics. Even as a player who has committed senseless hours and support I find new ways to enjoy Path of Exile with every new league, race or build. Like I said, I will never stop playing this game because as of yet the devs have never given me a reason to (AoE nerf was pretty close though lol).
Important disclosure : I started playing on Steam, but migrated my account to the standalone client. Hence, Steam thinks I havent played "recently".

TL;DR : I love this game.

Since you came here to read a review for a F2P game, here goes :

Good :
1. diversity. 7 classes, each with 3 sub-classes (except the 7th, she has only 1, but she can also pick points from any of the other 6 classes, fair, imho)
2. playerbase. want to buy stuff? want to sell stuff? want to party up? want to chat up? u wont find an "empty" game, ever. people play at all times
3. DIVERSITY. want to play a manly tattoo'd dude swinging a huge axe? done. want to play a quick, mobile huntress that shreds enemies with hundreds of arrows? can do. want to play a demented girl who lost her friends in a fire and has "replaced" them with raised zombies? OH BOY BET YOU CAN. BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!! if YOU want, then that manly dude can swing his axe thrice as fast, for a small damage loss. or he can make his attacks BLEED his enemies. that huntress can electrify her arrows, or even make them chain off to nearby enemies. and if that sad girl ever gets bored of her new friends, she can always call up cute little flaming skulls of death that automatically seek out and destroy any that would harm her. ALL BY CHANGING A SINGLE GEM. seriously. i could go onnnn and onnnn. not enough space to write down everything.
4. its free. all content updates are free as in free beer. no obligations to pay or tell others what you're playing.

the bad :
1. the cosmetics cost a bit too much. however, they look SWEET. other than on a templar. #spoilers i guess.
2. some older content is not updated. mostly this is about old skills from 5 years back. yes, the game is that old.
3. rich people like to ruin everything. there's some people whose only motive is to hoard everything and deny it to others. good thing that no matter how much they hoard, others just farm more of the item in question :)
4. somewhat hard to play on older computers. yeah, if you're firing off a hundred spells per second, your PC WILL die of overheating lol.


There are absolutely NO paywalls. There is nothing a F2P player cant do that a paying player can. Well the only exception to this rule would be stash tabs, but I played for almost a year with the basic 4 tabs.

Be warned, this is not your traditional farmville style game. This game is BRUTAL if you arent paying attention.

Playing casually is an option, however, you need to learn atleast SOME game mechanics to not get insta-gibbed by white mobs in the tougher zones.

Once you understand how this game works, you will realize what a hidden gem it is. But, that requires sweat, blood and tears. You dont become an exile just by strutting around whacking at bosses with an unlinked Heavy Strike socketed in a white weapon, no. You become and exile by studying the masters!

Welcome to Wraeclast, (hopefully) exile!! 

I wish you maxed resists and multiple mirror drops!!
Path of Exile is considered by many to be the true spriritual successor to Diablo 2.  It's dark, gritty and far more complex than its counterpart Diablo 3.  If you're going to play an ARPG, you really should play PoE.

Firstly, let's address the burning question:  Is PoE truly Free-To-Play?  Yes.  Absolutely.  

There is nothing, I repeat, NOTHING, in the game store which will give you or your character an advantage in combat or against bosses or anything that will directly effect your character's stats.  Nothing.  There are two things in the store: cosmetics and some organising-your-inventory perks.  I would argue that the stash tab items are really helpful, but you do not need them.  I was totally F2P for the first 200hrs and had no issues.  All game content is accessible for free.   

Pros
-The graphics including environments and attack/spell effects are excellent.  The art style is dark.  Think DarkSouls, not WoW.  Also, I use an i7 5820k, 960gtx 4gb and get very steady 120fps.  
-The Lore is great and is accompanied by excellent voice acting, generally speaking, across 10 Acts and extensive end-game content.  
-The musical score is top-notch and suits each area you travel to and boss you fight.  There is a distinct Witcher 3 inspiration to it especailly in Lioneyes Watch.  You'll know what I mean.  
-There are 7 classes to choose from (1 is unlocked later) each with 3 Ascendancies.  
-The character tree is HUGE.  It can be quite overwhelming at first but once you get into it, it's not that hard to figure out.  Note the tree works like FFX's sphere grid.  Any character can use any skill and access any node on the tree.  Classes are only limited by where you start on the tree and which Ascendancy you can choose from.  The character building potential options are genuinely staggering. 
-The amount of loot/items in the game is crazy!  Thankfully, it all has a use and your stash is shared across all characters in a league.  Once you have a feel for the game, it's worth using an item filter.  
-No PvP is required to progress in the game which personally, I prefer.  
-New temporary leagues with new content/mechanics are run every few months which keeps the game fresh.  There is however a standard league if you are looking for a more permanent set up.  I would however strongly suggest starting in the temporary softcore league as it's more fun.  You can also play in solo mode and have no player interaction should you so choose.    
-Though I don't personally suggest following a build straight away as it takes the fun out of it, the game does have a substantial following on Twitch and extensive Wiki to help explain some of the more in-depth mechanics of the game.  
-New items are added to the store very regularly and there are also sales on items if you do feel like splashing some cash to make yourself look pretty.    
-The game is patched regularly and a realm restart takes place once a week.  The game is usually down for no more than 15-20mins.  

Cons
-There is currently no in-game auction house.  All item searching is done through a 3rd party website which although functions perfectly well, it requires players to be online to trade with them and you have to do it manually by visiting said person's hideout.  This doesn't ruin the game by any means, but it's something that is seriously lacking considering the amount of loot you acquire and things you want to easily buy/sell.  
-There are some weird difficulty spikes here and there.  Though the game generally starts off nice and easy and works it's way up to being very tough in end game, you will come across the odd boss/mob that just seems totally out of place by either being extremely easy or brutally hard.   
-If you want PvP, this game is not for you.  It is neither aimed at PvP nor is the game balanced for it.   

Path of Exile is by far the best ARPG I have ever played.  Nothing else even comes close to it's depth and replay value.  Whilst the lack of auction house/in-game auto trading is a glaring flaw, it hardly takes away from a superb game.
3 Scoops of Diablo
2 Cups of Torchlight
1 Dash of Inventory Tetris
5 Handfulls of Skill Tree Building Delight
1 Tablespoon of The Only Decent Microtransaction System In Gaming History

Roast in the PC Oven for Virtually Limitless Hours Of Scrumptious Content
Then feast away whilst being slowing consumed by the guilt of paying nothing for an all you can eat buffet
As good as free-to-play gets.  Access to an entire game of very high quality without spending anything.  Plays more like Diablo 2 than Diablo 3.  So good you'll feel bad if you don't give them some money.
It can be overwhelming at start. You'll maybe even quit after you fail to realize why your first character keeps dying for no apparent reason or deals damage equal to zero. Seek forums for guidence or do take that break. Be careful though, once you return and have had the time to digest the game's mechanics, you might not leave. 

The reasons are as follows:
 -Great F2P format. The stash tabs might be a counter argument, but it's still the fairest format around. It's also fairly cheap to upgrade a regular stash tab to premium. After seeing all the content you get for free, it's easy to spend that little bit. 5usd will give 50 points, upgrading a regular stash to premium is 15 points.
-Active development. The meta is always changing. New leagues, content and redesigns. The devs communicate with the community. I do feel this and point numero uno are the main contributors to PoE's success.
-Is all gamblin' innit? Running after those drops and spending your hard earned currency on crafting can be a large source of sorrow, but it's all overwritten when you are blessed by the almighty gods of RNG and hit the jackpot. I swear..
-There's a lot to learn and master. I'm still noticing elements of the game I had no idea about. PoE has a lot of different ways you can play,  or rather it gives you an enormous amount of toys and tools, which allow you to play your way. Discover new combinations. It truly is like a giant box of legos. Just build what ever comes to mind. 
-Tried and true methods. To find those combinations you'll need the basics of all the mechanics and there are a lot of them. If you don't, the great build you were planning will become null and void on an unmentioned technicality. Wikipedia should be open at all times. Luckily, there are already countless ready made builds on PoE forums and various other sites. From builds that have stayed relatively the same for a long time to new league breakers. Reading these is a great way to learn the limitations and possibilities of PoE.

Ahh, it's worth a try.
I like skill trees.
I like it when the fruit of your time and labour is rewarding.
I like it when money does not influence a game.
I like helping a team to obtain a common goal.
I like making fallacious and outrageous claims for the enjoyment of myself and others in a chatroom. 

I guess this game has a lot of things that i like.
[i] “In my dreams I see a great warrior, his skin scorched black, his fists aflame.” [/i]

Path of Exile (PoE) is an online action role-playing game (arpg) developed and published by the company Grinding Gear Games. 

[i] Atmosphere & presentation: [/i]

+ Free-to-play game that can be completed, enjoyed and continued without spending money. 
+ Grim and dark atmosphere is supported by appropriate background music.
+ Creative level and monster design.   

o A permanent internet connection is required, in order to access the PoE servers.
o Cosmetic effects can be bought via in-game microtransactions. 

[i] Combat & gameplay: [/i]

++ The passive ability tree is massive. In combination with the creative skill gem system it provides a multitude of options for character development and tuning towards the end game.
+ Replayability profits from the league system and randomly generated (end game) maps, with countless variation in form of map modifiers, increasing the difficulty with each added attribute.
+ Creative currency system with elaborate item-changing properties.  
+ In-game trade system allows the easy acquirement of high end gear from other players.  
+ ‘Hardcore’ mode satisfies the needs of the masochistic player community.

[i] Characters & story: [/i]

+ Interesting side characters provide the player with entertaining information about current and past events of the game world.

o Limited identification of the player with the protagonist. 

- No cutscenes or other means of exposition are used to support the storytelling or foreshadow future events. 

[i] Summary: [/i]

Overall, PoE offers offers high-quality hack & slash gameplay with sophisticated arpg mechanics that can be enjoyed from the beginning to the end on a free-to-play basis. It is a challenge to reach the end and you can definitely end up putting a lot of hours into it.
 
Furthermore, the game succeeds in the field of long term motivation by providing an elaborated league system that maintains the in-game economic balance and replayablity.

The only shortcoming of this game lies in the presentation and simplicity of the storytelling. While the different non-player characters will fill you in about the historic and current events in Wraeclast, no other means are used to bolster up the storyline. 

[i] Trivia: [/i]

While 60 percent of donors were in the $10 range, the ‘diamond tier’, in which someone commits to $1,000 or more, found 183 supporters.

[i] Achievements: [/i]

A little advice for achievement hunters. The level of difficulty is a 10 out of 10 on the freak scale with a badass seal of approval.

Estimated time for 100 % completion: +500 hours

Offline achievements: none
Online achievements: 120
As a very experienced Diablo 2/3 player and someone who had seen and heard a lot of path of exile without actually playing it I'd like to share some unexpected experiences I had.  

1. If you don't use any guides the campaign is very challenging, particularly bosses... I expect the average player wouldn't make it through, there is no easy mode like most modern games. You will die a lot and most likely fail miserably until you get a better understanding of the game. This in a way is quite unfortunate as the campaign is surprisingly good with great music and some high quality voice acting.

2. The passive skill tree appears extremely intimidating but its not as bad as it looks. There are larger keystones and little clusters of passives that you will decide to go for. A lot of the passive tree is simple stats connecting you to these destinations.

3. Due to the challenging nature of the game you really need to take care of your defensives. I feel like the devs are really catering towards the experienced players who have been playing the game for years. For example, my first league had particularly hard rare monsters that I had no idea were not part of the standard game - I was still very low level and one encounter with one of these monsters killed me in a fraction of a second and if I did manage to deal damage to it I could barely scatch it before it out healed me.

4. The death penalty is extremely punishing, you lose 10% of your experience per death once you beat the campaign so once your leveling slows down and you want to keep leveling you may find it extremely frustrating. Due to this reason you pretty much never want to die meaning you need to build your character with almost the mentaility that it's a hardcore character.

5. Even though the game is free cosmetics are extremely expensive, a single one costing around $30... I can easiily see people with a lot of disposable income spending $1000+ on this game. The non cosmetic related cash shop items i.e stash tabs aren't cheap but are acceptable as spending ~$30 on a game that can give as many hours of entertainment as path of exile isn't bad.  

6. And finally.. the amount of items that drop is ridiculous... you must go into settings and select a loot filter to hide all the rubbish. If you reach end game you'll want to download a custom loot filter. The amount of items in the game seems to keep growing too as they seem to add more with each league and you can spend hours looking through uniques trying to decide how to build your character.
✔ Decent graphics.
✔ Constantly getting new updates.
✔ A̶d̶d̶i̶c̶t̶i̶n̶g̶    Compelling.
✔ Fun to play.
✔ Very large choice of making new builds.
✔ The Skill tree will definitely draw your attention.
✔ Deep character customisation.
✔ Ladder races.
✔ Really good late game.
✔ Interesting Boss fights.
✔ Stunning sound effects and soundtracks.
✔ Unusual and interesting lore.
✔ Definitely free to play game.
✔ Will never be "pay to win"
✔ Decent community.
✔ Dark fantasy atmosphere.
✔ Crafting can be cancer! But it's really fun!
✔ Much better than Diablo 3 (no hate) Trust me. I used to play D3.
✔ Skins for items (microtransactions) are very awesome, You'll like it! But they cost real money.
✔ You will always be suprised after new updates (in a good way).
✔ The developers really putting effort to this game.
✔ Not a mobile game.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
If you are Diablo 2 type of player, you MUST try this game.
If you liked my review, download the game and give it some love.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------
My final result will be 10/10.
------------------------------
The best isometric aRPG I've ever played... and it's free. That should be enough to get you to try the game; a character-limit in-depth review follows:

OVERVIEW

A top-down isometric action RPG. This genre has for many years been called "Diablo clones", and no doubt the game feels like Diablo -- questing, levelling up, finding gear, and using skills to kill stuff -- but the systems behind the gameplay are really well thought out, and especially the skill system is much deeper than any other aRPG.

Path of Exile is completely, utterly free. And don't let this dissuade you from trying it, because I think it's the best isometric aRPG I've ever played. Microtransaction cash offers no competitive advantage in the game, just cosmetic enhancements, extra stash tabs, and character slots. So if the game sounds interesting, just try it for yourself! But meanwhile, here's why you should:

STORY

Okay, let's be honest: This probably isn't a game you're playing for the story. Without the huge budget of a Blizzard Entertainment, you're not going to get 3-minute epic cutscenes that draw you in with movie quality. Grinding Gear Games seems to have focused on making the game good instead, and I support that decision. That being said, the underlying narrative isn't bad per se, just fairly standard and doesn't really distinguish itself.

GRAPHICS

The graphics are perfectly good for my purposes. They look decent, even if they didn't blow me away in the fully zoomed out mode. They actually look pretty good zoomed in, but of course when enemies can attack you from offscreen even fully zoomed out, nobody is going to play zoomed in. Regardless, the graphics made the game much more gritty. While Diablo went cartoonish, and Torchlight was brightly colored and animated, the world of Wraeclast is dark and dangerous, and everything in the game re-enforces that harshness. Levels are nicely differentiated: cavernous dungeons, a waste of sunken ships, temples of polished marble, rocky cliffs, forests, etc. Some of the dungeons are really downright creepy. As are some enemies. Heck, even your hero -- You are a criminal, an exile, and as such are portrayed with a harsh ugliness that works pretty well. Other minor things show attention to detail, like arrows sticking out of enemies or walls after you fire them. While the graphics may not impress on a technological level, the art direction here is well done.

(I'm also led to believe that various spell effects become a lot more impressive-looking if you buy a microtransaction.)

SOUND

I didn't really notice the sound. And I think that's not a bad thing; while it would be nice to have music tracks that really blew me away, other than that I tend to think good sound in a game is like good service at a restaurant -- mostly invisible, because it delivers what you need without belaboring the point. Creepy areas felt creepy, spiders skittered, armor clanked, spell effects were satisfying, and perhaps most importantly, commentary from my character was just frequent enough to be interesting. I easily tire of games where my character blathers on every third minute with the same tired catchphrases. Likewise, there was never any lull in music where the game felt too silent, nor irritating track repeated so often that an annoying melody got stuck in my head. So I'll again say the sound is perfectly fine; unlikely to impress, but no negative marks here either.

GAMEPLAY MECHANICS

Ah, finally the thing that matters most, and the reason you should be downloading this game right now. The fighting itself is fairly standard aRPG; click on things and push letters to use various skills to attack the enemies. There's more strategy than that, because you can drop traps and totems and have forking and radius skills etc. etc. But the systems behind all of this game are what put Path of Exile far ahead of the pack. So let's talk about them. There are a lot of small things that show some thought behind the game, from the various loot settings, to the ease of dropping into pick-up groups, to the simple way instances are handled, to the large 4-tabbed stash shared between all of your characters. But the main gameplay innovations, the reasons Path of Exile is the game I've been playing non-stop for weeks on end, can be divided into two main categories: Skills, and Economy.

SKILLS

Skills in Path of Exile are complex. The briefest way to describe it is that their active skills were inspired by Final Fantasy VII, and their passive skills by Final Fantasy X. But that would be far from giving you the whole story.

So, the first thing to explain is that any character can gain any skill. Your class determines starting stats and starting location in the "Skill Forest". Every active skill exists in the form of a gem that is red (str), green (dex), or blue (int). Gear has sockets of those colors to hold gems. When a gem is placed into your gear, you now have that skill. Skill gems can be removed at any time, so no worries about experimenting. Some gear has linked sockets, allowing you to equip support gems that augment other linked gem skills. Equipped gems gain experience over time, and you can choose to level them up, raising their power, but also raising the stat requirements. So any character can use any skill, but it will be tougher for a Marauder to use a level 15 Firestorm than it will for a Witch. 

Each time you level up, you will receive one passive skill point to spend in the Skill Forest. The Skill Forest contains something like 1,350 nodes. No, that's not a typo. There are 1,350 places to spend skill points. So even if you maxed out your character after a year of playing to the highest level, you'd have covered less than 1/10 of the grid.

There are basic +10 to a stat nodes, and your character will start near many of their favored stat, although you can follow a path anywhere you like. There are nodes to improve spellcasting, movement, accuracy, damage, and so on. At various places on the grid, there are clusters of nodes that grant bonuses to each weapon type or elemental damage type. Some nodes add life, evasion, or energy shield. Some nodes add resists, block rates, or criticals. Bigger nodes are fewer and farther between, but each one gives a benefit generally more than twice as good as a standard small node. 

And then there are keystone nodes. These giant circular nodes around the edges of the grid tend to be huge trade-offs that completely change your character. Eldritch Battery removes your character's energy shield, converting it entirely to extra mana. Chaos Innoculation reduces your life to 1, but makes you immune to chaos(poison) damage. Either one will change your character drastically; taking both will kill you. Other skills remove your armor, your evasion, or even your ability to deal damage with active skills, offering various trade-offs in return.

Anyway, the skill system is incredibly complex, and while there are thankfully respec points you can gain by questing in game (and more from certain loot), it's worth pre-planning skills.

ECONOMY

Path of Exile has no gold.

Because there is no accumulating pile of money, there is no money sink of repairs or potions. (Flasks are equipment items that refill automatically as you kill enemies, and can be enchanted.) Vendoring items nets you various orbs, and vendor items have orb purchase prices. But the key difference is that everything has inherent value. Orbs do not just accumulate uselessly like gold in many of these games, because every orb has inherent value. They improve your items in different ways, allowing you to enchant your new hybrid flask, reroll the enchantment on your boots, and reroll the number of sockets on your armor. 

Crafting is complex.

CONCLUSION

Skill Forest is complex too. Path of Exile is aiming for hardcore gamers when other games are streamlining more casual. This is a game by gamers, for gamers, and it shows.
The best ARPG ever made and it's 100% free. Only thing you can buy is cosmetics and item storage the best F2P model out there. If you grew up playing Diablo 2 this is it's spiritual successor its has depth in spades great skill tree progression and end game mapping system virtually limitless gearing options, New players beware stick to one of the many build guides on the forums to start with, the more you learn about the game the more options there are for creative build designs. I am 4k hours in and will be playing this for years to come. Once again it's a free game give it a download and try it you won't regret it.
Not your typical F2P game. This is a company (Grinding Gear Games) who are devoted to their players. The game literally can be played, for free, without you being hindered in any way shape or form. Every skill, item, level, difficulty, everything is open. The cash shop is all cosmetic stuff (and its awesome).

The depth of the game is fantastic, and no two builds are ever the same! I highly recommend checking out the forums. Experienced players have wrote some fantastic guides for the passive tree and how to build a succesful character.

Ignore the comments such as "everyone uses the same op build" or "same op skills" because it couldn't be further from the truth. Go look for yourself, check out the leaderboards and there is a massive array of skills and builds that people have succesfully used.

The only negative point i have to say is, ingame trade could have been done better, HOWEVER, a website that is now widely used http://poe.xyz.is/ solves the trading spam and is fantastic for finding the items you need. So i guess that could take away half a negative point? :P

9.5/10

If you aren't playing this game, or at least given it a good number of hours, then you are missing out!
As my most played steam game, I figured its a good time to write a review. As a completely free to play game, its the best of its kind. The average player could take 30+ hours to complete the main 10 acts (for the first time). I am just going to hit some top pros and top cons.

Pros:
-Great dev team with very active community engagement. You can routinely find the lead developer on reddit clearing up misconceptions and engaging the community along with their community manager. 
-Plenty of content for casual players to have a fulfilling experience
-Plenty of content for the hardcore player
-Regular 3-4 month content updates with new "leagues" that have unique mechanics. The come along side balance changes
-HUGE amount of build diversity. The meta is largely dictated by the community with every class having a great many choices.
-Skill tree is expansive and gives you a lot of choices on how you want to play your character. This can be a con as its a little overwhelming at first
-Spending money is optional however a great quality of life upgradges (like other free to play) For example, you get 4 free stash tabs which you can quickly outgrow once you reach endgame. This could lead into a con mentioned below. 
-If you choose to spend money on supporter packs, you get a great "value" 

Cons:
-It takes many hours and research to really understand some game mechanics. Skill tree, gems, links, etc
-You can play a lot of hours on your first character but may not be able to finish the game unles you follow some sort of guide. This game is hard and will require a bit of learning. My first serious playthrough blind got nearly impossible to progress right around level 50 dude to my lack of understanding how the game works. There are a lot of beginner guides at this time due to popularity. 
-While this game is free, being competive and serious in the end game will require some minor investments to expand your ingame stash tabs. It will also enable trading to be far more accessiable. However, you won't hit this wall until your at least 40+ hours in.
-Game can be unstable for some computers and long loading times. Many people recommending a SSD. 
-Grouping with more than 3-4 players can get server laggy (Depending on many factors such as build types and speed on which you are killing) You can group with up to 5 other players. 
-Trading requires a website to take full advantage of the game, some mods help

Recommendations:
If you get to end game, spending just 30 dollars on a support pack will get you enough currency for a few premium stash tabs. These are used to inertact with trading websites and allow you to list items for sale. 

Play with at least 1 friend will help tremendously. Not only do you get better drops (shared), you should be able to progress through the story much easier.

Follow guides for your first couple characters until you get a grasp on what works and what doesn't. Be sure to pick a build that does not need a lot fo gear. - Google - Sunder Build or SRS Summoner. These are 2 very different but easy to play builds that will introduce you into the game smoothly. 

Closing thoughts:
This is a game that I keep coming back to and every time I do, it gets more and more fun. There are plenty of great reviews/guides out there, but I hope my personal thoughts and experiences give a new perspective.
The best free dungeon crawler you will ever play. The only problem is that the very first build you make will be absolutely terrible and you'll have to play through all of this excellent game again.
Where to start... well this game is absolutely amazing, really. Of course if you like dungeon crawlers/actionRPG's you'll aprecciate it even more. I played in on beta time ago and enjoyed it, the final release is even better!! 

It's TRULY free to play, you can only pay for some extra visual enhancements for items/skills which gives you not a single benefit on gameplay, shinier armor/weapons and pretty effects on weapons or skills for example. After you play for a while you'll even want to buy something to support the developers which made such a great job on the game. And keep doing it actually, they have periodic in-game events and update the game regularly with more legendary items and some other stuff.

Very Diablo II style, not the dissapointment that Diablo III was (IMHO). Only con for me would be always online as I don't have the most reliable internet, but since it's a free to play game it's hard to complain about that. Also, it might start a bit slow but give it a chance and it will become very very enjoyable, addictive maybe. It has the most complex and deepest skill system I've ever seen, it might get hard to get used to it at the beggining but it's a crucial part of the game being that special.

This game is a masterpiece.
Great action-adventure game.  Allows very deep customisation of characters.
Removal of gold (basic currency item is an identify scroll) forces you to make choices about which items are really important to you.  Higher-tier currency items allow you to customise your equipment in various ways, such as: making an item magic/rare, re-rolling modifiers, increasing base stats or changing the skills you can slot into them.

Purchasable stuff doesn't generally give large benefits - you start with 4 shared stash pages which is enough for casual play with a handful of characters.  You can buy extras, although guilds don't start with any stash space so all guild tabs require purchase.  Everything else is cosmetic.

Race events are interesting, as you can't keep anything you pick up once the race finishes it is very focussed on levelling and killing as quickly and efficiently as possible while staying alive (all race characters are hardcore).
dumping nearly 200 hours of my personal life into this game as of writing this review.. I learned a few things along the way.
If you have played or like games simular to Diablo 3, Victor Vran, Grim Dawn, Neverwinter  or the new released game called Wolcen..... than this is the game for you.
I tried this game out at first in 2013 for about a week or so, then stopped playing until March of 2018.
I found myself looking at the same design layout of the game that was done in 2013 in 2018 that has not changed, meaning the starting area's when you start the game and the first few acts. Which had me a bit shocked because 5 years has passed by already and one would think that on every new league update the company would at the least change the maps and starting areas of the game to give it a fresh new look with new designs & creations.

Anyways besides that, I found myself being constantly told by other players within in-game chat everytime I had a question
the first thing that they replied with was "Do you have a pre-build you are following"  meaning a prebuilt character stats depending on the class im playing. I find this odd each time I am being told this because i find it that one can not play the game properly without having a specific build on a class that was previsouly created by someone in order to correctly and properly play the game.  To me it feels kinda cheaty in a way, because I would have to go online find a build for my perticular class im playing and follow ther pre-build it has to the letter in order to properly progress through the game & win the game and play the endgame without any real problems.
Thats like someone taking a SAT test, but then your classmates giving you all the answers in order to get 100% pass.
See where im going with this??

First thing is First............... The game is EXTREMELY fun to play....... that I will admit without hesitation.
But I also found out that in order for one to properly play the game there is a second part you are not told until you are well invested in the game.
With all the ingame content items, a player is definately in need of inventory known ingame as "Stash Tabs"
without this you WILL be struggling with inventory space very very quickly. This is how the developers make their money besides cosmetics of course. - Thats fine with me because the Devs have to get paid somehow, , but the prices are a bit steep.
One thing I will point out is ALWAYS wait until a Special Deal in order to get these "Stash Tabs" as in normal price they are a bit pricy for the average person. Special deals happen between once or twice a month mostly on a weekend.
No one tells you this until you are very well invested into the game, so im letting you know now ahead of time.....
If you dont want to be like me and make the huge mistake on not properly saving on "Stash tabs" purchases I would HIGHLY suggest you purchase a "Supporter Pack" as you will get a better deal for "Stash tabs" along with extra things like character skins and a pet. The stash microtransaction store is a bit overwhelming and confusing so be careful on what you purchase.
and ALWAYS calculate (Do the math) before buying something by compairing it with other simular items in the MTX store.
I didnt know this until it was too late and I purchase the "Stash tabs" seperately and missed out on a great deal for the Supporter packs with extra items that I would have definately enjoyed while playing the game.
The developers DO NOT explain this in detail or Stash Tabs in detail in their ingame microtransaction store a.k.a in game as MTX.

The game has MANY characters to play with and your Stash Chest is shared between ALL characters within the game within that "CERTAIN LEAGUE"  that you are playing. a character in a standard league is very different than a character in a event league and they both have completely seperate stash chest inventory.
When a event league is finished (between 3 to 5 months of the league being active)  all your characters will be forcefully pushed into the (Standard League) normal league along with all your items within your stash inventory. The event League is then reset and a new event league will take its place and all characters will restart from level 1 again.
Though your MTX purchases of Stash tabs Will always remain on ALL the leagues you play. (Which is awesome) :)

One thing I learned while playing it, dont pick up everything when killing enemies. only pick up what you need.
If you decide to pick up a lot of items from the floor after killing enemies be sure its done with the perpose of being sold for in-game currency.  many people do this to build up their in-game currency intul they have enough to do what they want to do.
You will get what is known as a "Hideout" which is like a home for each individual character you play after you level any master to level 3. Each master has a particular housing hideout, so choose wisely on what type of hideout you want at that time. Though, you can change your hideout at ANY time as long as the master for that particular hideout is leveled to level 3.

WARNING: If you have never played this game, I inform you to NOT play this game in Hardcore mode if you dont have any experience within the game, as if you die you will lose ALL your progression and that particular character will be forcefully shoved over into the Standard League and can no longer play within the hardcore mode.
You must then create a brand new character specifically for Hardcore Mode in order to play hardcore of the game again.
Each charcter that gets killed in hardcore mode will be forcefully shoved into the Standard mode of the game along with all your items they have obtained including all invenotry stash items that was in the hardcore section league of the game.
Most brand new players usually play the game in the "Event Leagues" as it has more content to play with than the standard league area of the game but if you die, you wont get shoved over into the standard league, until the developers release a new event league.

LAST NOTE:  I give you all this information, because this information was not told to me and not posted anywhere that I could find at that time of entering the game.
At the least you now have a bit of knowledge and head start regarding the game.
I hope this helps someone so they dont make the same mistakes I have.

Do I recomment this game to anyone ???...... YES.... Its very fun to play,
Just be aware that if you are going to be fully invested into this game, you need inventory space. (read more above).
Purchase the supporters package and use the points given to purchase, 
Currency Tab, Maps Tab, Essence Tab, Divination Tab, Fragment Tab then use the rest of your points 
to purchase Inventory tabs either single or quad tabs.  just remember, do the math first for inventory tabs before buying.
:)
Hope this helps someone, cya in game :D
And so you start your journey in Path of Exile. You look at the massively overwhelming passive tree and feel like running a mile. You'll either be blessed with awesome loot drops or cursed with crap all because RNG. Your first character, or even second, will probably feel rubbish eg. too slow, too squishy, not enough damage etc and you'll most likely struggle with later game content because of said character. In a word, this game is rather overwhelming for a new player and it's important to note that it is not on the casual side when it comes to ARPGS like, for example, Torchlight II. If you're looking for a more relaxed ARPG that you don't need to invest a bit of time into then this game isn't for you.

However, if you can overcome some of those hurdles then you're in for a treat. As you start to learn the importance of different defences, capped resistances, allocating your passive skill points in a way that perfectly synergises with your skills and gear, skill gem setups, game mechanics and more, you'll start to end up with a rather satisfyingly strong character. You'll begin to understand about crafting, what all those currency orbs mean and vendor recipes (the Path of Exile wiki will be your bible!). And of course, the never-ending quest for amazing loot and GG items.

So, if you're looking for an Action RPG that has a lot of depth to it, that offers a ton of replayability, a game that you can grow and learn with, offers a plethora of builds that are only limited by your imagination and has a fantastic Free to Play model, then this game is for you.
Let me review my gameplay over the last 4 years. I truly love this game and loved the memories I made playing it, however it does have some flaws. I want to get these out of the way, and then talk  about some of the things the newest updates have done for the game that I really like so you can decide if you want to give it a chance because it is my favorite game of all time.

The Negative: 

This game has changed immencely since I first started playing. It used to truly be the succesor to Diablo 2 that Diablo 3 was supposed to be as the community had thought. Over the years the meta started to move towards what players call "The Clear Speed Meta". The game was perfect for me from Forsaken Masters to right before they added Ascendancys and the Labrynth. But the current state of the game, and how the meta has shifted with balance changes and new items; it is truly not for me anymore. Power Creep as it is know, is a huge problem this game has. Nothing poses a challenge anymore. Almost any build with basic investments such as Level 20 gems and a 5 linked setup can clear the entire game without even sweating. Items are no longer worth nearly as much as they used to be. And I understand that If I wanted to make money i could play standard until my eyes fell out or just no life a league until I lost my job; but I simply cannot do either of those. 

Literally everyone in this game feels like theyre getting scammed when trading so batering simply does not exist or is very miniscule. Index sniping and price manipulation still plague the economy like a rat colony and GGG does literaly NOTHING to fix this. No updates ever on the trading system to be in an auction house or anything. You know there is a problem when a 3rd party company has to take hold of the reigns just so your player base can do something as basic as buying and selling gear/currency. 0

The crafting is just an RNG simulator. You really dont need to go further into this because almost the entire .001% controls all mirrorables/buys out anyone who trys to start a service. Rayamn, Ahfack, Demigod are just a few examples of this on standard. Which is why almost everyone plays leagues. Not to mention the most anyone can ever really get is multi-modding a weapon which even if they get that far they will still be broke as hell afterwards. 

The rules around "RMTing" are a fucking joke. Go look on d2jsp. Hundreds-thousands of transactions a DAY and this rule does not help one bit. A bunch of people who have mirrored something on standard have been banned for RMT. I knew a group who did this for seasons and none of them are banned and have been going strong for several years now. 


The Positive in this day and age: 

I may have seemed super negative about GGG before hand, but I need to put out there that they have been one of the if not the BEST game developers ever. Constantly putting out content and reaching out to their player base on Reddit/Steam/Offical Forums. 


SSF means playing solo is actually viable and trackable now which is really cool. 

Leagues are different each time and add something new. This is always really fun to play seasonly and if you havent played for 4 years its a good way to get refreshed and wait a bit before playing again. 

Items are getting cheaper so fun builds are more accessible. When i started it was nearly impossible to get good gear in a weeks time. Now you can and the game is built to cater to new players and old with easier accessibility towards theory crafting and new builds. For me, that value of your gear being a lot was nostalgic, so if youre into getting super expensive gear your best bet is mirrorables which well, will take a LONG time. 

There are so many new player guides compared to when I started playing. Its super easy to get started now and most people dont hate it when they beat the first area on Normal.

Hilariously, budget gear works now and you can have a lot of fun for almost nothing in game. 

There is a really good community over at /r/Pathofexile. They are super helpful towards players and there are always awesome highlights to watch there. 

Also 3.0, the biggest update in the game's history is coming out. So stay tuned for that. 

Diablo on crack. 10/10
Gameplay: 10/10 Gore, Loot, Fun Builds, Amazing World
Content: 10/10 Always adding new expansions to keep the game interesting
Multiplayer: 9/10 PVP is rough but doing speed runs in a new season with friends never gets old
Community: 10/10 Overall nice community full of serious players who are willing to help a noobie out
Price: 10/10 Unbelievable, FREE. A game like this should cost atleast $30. Props to the creators for keeping pay to win out of the equation.
Imagine yourself exiled to a grimdark fantasy Australia where nothing stays dead and you start with a rusty sword or a driftwood club or the like. 

Welcome to Wraeclast, land of darkness, crappy loot and addictive, ARPG gameplay. To some, Path of Exile is merely regarded as the anti-Diablo 3. While it is true that it takes a very different route in the evolutionary path of the ARPG, to call it a better game, or a worse one, or even the "real Diablo 3" all fail to accurately describe it, though that being said the similarities to Diablo 2 are noticable, down to minute details like the scrolling NPC dialogue boxes and the translucent map overlay. In terms of combat difficulty Path of Exile is actually roughly analogous to Diablo 3. Where it greatly defers in its character progression. Where in Diablo 3 you unlock skills and passives in a linear fashion and can swap them around freely, Path of Exile has a unique, wide-open and very daunting system based around active skill gems and web of passive skills. 

I was actually scared away from the game at first simply because I didn't think I had the smarts for it. Path of Exile defies several common mechanics of Diablolikes. There is no limited item durability, but most uniquely there is no money: items are instead traded for crafting ingredients, with scraps of identify scrolls representing the lowest denomination of value. Each of the game's seven character classes have no actual abilities- these are instead tied to the skill gems, which in the style of Final Fantasy's materia crystals are slotted into color-matched slots on your gear, all of which has at least one of these slots. None of these gems are dependent on class but they are dependent on one of only three core stats: strength, dexterity or intelligence, each color coded and tied to an elemental damage type, fire, ice or lightning. Equipment drops you find will usually be of the lowest quality (anther contrast with Diablo 3, which in its current state makes a point of giving you good, class-flavored equipment drops), but any piece of equipment can be modified to a usable state using crafting items- that being said, you will eventually be required to do this as the ratio of good quality, level-appropriate drops starts out ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and only gets worse as you progress, and it will frustrate you. 

Potions are not stacked the disposable ton but are equipment unto themselves, slotted into your belt with random stats of their own, and charged by defeating enemies- making Path of Exile the only ARPG I know of to have legendary-quality potion bottles! By far the most interesting feature is the skill tree, which is really more of a skill spider web, with all passive abilities earned in the game tied to nodes on the web. Each of the seven classes begins at a certain point on this web near nodes flavored to them, but each can eventually be built in virtually any way you want, to use any weapons, gear and skill gems in the game. 

Your character does not gain attribute points automatically on a level up, merely a single skill point, which can be spent on a +10 boost to an attribute or something flashier, like attack speed, life drain. The web is laid out as sort of a highway with exits leading to cul-de-sacs, which often contain powerful capstone passives that add things like 20% faster mana regen, but require an investment of skill points to unlock the nodes leading to them. You will need to strike a balance between raising your stats and obtaining critical passive skills. This is where the hidden challenge of the game comes in, though: while virtually any build works just fine for Normal difficulty, on higher ones the game outright punishes you for any poor build choices, though thankfully respecs are plentiful enough that you have at least some room to experiment. I have played through each of the classes at least once, on Normal difficulty, as the game follows the Diablo 2 style progression where beating the game on one difficulty allows you to progress to then next in a linear fashion. I found myself enjoying each in their own way, but found myself most comfortable using a Duelist (the strength/dexterity hybrid class) built for fast, hard attacks with two-handed swords. 

For a free game, the depth of customization, quality of music, sound and voice work, the developer's commitment to non-pay-to-win cash shop items and the overall quality of the game in general is remarkable. The game has received a number of large content updates since launch, all free, including end-game random dungeon generation, a number of NPC crafters with reputation missions, and most notably an entire fourth story act bringing the game to a spectacular, blood-soaked conclusion. If you love ARPGs but perhaps crave more stat-crunching, min-maxing, and build challenge then Diablo 3 can provide, Path of Exile may be just what you're looking for. For me, it offered exactly what I loved most about Diablo 3- non-stop, click-mashing action in a dark fantasy universe with plenty of zombies, skeletons, monsters, misshapen horrors and some truly despicable villains I could really, really hate. Take a journey into nightmare, and walk the Path of Exile with me. You won't regret it.

[b][u]The Doctor's Final Report: 9/10[/u][/b]; If you enjoyed Diablo 2 or just ARPG style games, then you absolutely cannot go wrong with this title. Its a free game that does not have a Pay to Win system attached to it. The variety of character styles and builds is amazing and before you know it, you will have accumulated hundreds of hours in this one.
This game was really good back when the developers had nothing but their life savings and pure drive. Now they have access to money, employees, etc.

The game is now, as of this league, (for me) the best MMORPG / MMOARPG on the market.

I say do not say something like this lightly, I've played pretty much every MMO released in the west to date. I've been playing MMORPG's since Lineage 1 days. I am disturbed by the design stagnation happening in the current MMO scene. Clone after clone, trope after trope. Why deviate too strongly when a formula works? 

PoE has so much freaking depth and just keeps getting bigger every patch. More stuff is added to the game than I can keep up with. Which is a good thing, mostly.

I'd like to just do a pros/cons bullet list to keep this as short winded as possible. (Ended up being long winded anyway)

Pros:

* Intense skill customization. You can take a skill gem, socket it in a piece of gear, link other gems with it and change how the main skill functions.
	
* Gigantic skill tree, allowing for very custom builds.

* Uniques do very hilarious and weird things, allowing for even more customization

* Endless endgame. Endgame comes in the form of maps and currency accumulation. Maps are basically paper portals into other dimensions. You can enchant these maps with mods of your choosing. They are randomized to a degree, but you can tweak them.

* I should also mention that maps aren't the entire endgame. Technically you use the "Map Device" to access the rest of the endgame, but there's like tons of bosses and specialty fights.

* A very cool currency/enchanting system that is in of itself a goldsink. You use the *currency* items to change... well, lots of things in the game. Items, treasure chests, maps

* The more wealth you have the stronger you are, no lockouts whatsoever on any content, love it or hate it

* Is going to do away with multiple difficulties for acts, will have one straight playthrough with 10 acts in version 3.0

* Devs actually listen and adjust the game both to their vision, and player suggestion

* Due to constant additions to systems in the game, has yet to get boring, I've never been so engaged in a game. When I grind, I don't watch netflix. That's huge. 

* Customer support is on point man, they'll hold your hand through whatevs.

* Game is full of secrets. Secret undiscovered vendor recipes, the whole fishing thing, entire game reeks of conspiracy

* Lends itself to playing with friends, socializing

Neutral:

* Uniques in general drop often. Later in the game, you just leave them on the ground. They do this because there's many "Build Enabling" uniques in the game. It still feels weird leaving uniques behind, or vendoring them.

* Top tier gameplay (anybody who wants to be efficient and progress) absolutely requires constant trading, unless you play Solo Self Found, which limits prevents you from partying or trading with others. Some days I love trading, it's a fun interactive experience. This game taught me how to barter, haggle. Other days I get really, really tired of trading face to face with everybody. I feel there needs to be an inbetween.

Cons:

* The depth is also a negative, they keep making improvements to make the game more newbie friendly, just not quite to where it needs to be yet. There's so much to take in, it can be a major deterrent.

* The wealth = power thing with no restrictions lends itself to RMT. This really shouldn't be a con though, if you allow players to trade in a game like this, it's going to happen to any game. It's a design issue that can't easily be addressed due to human tendencies. Removing or restricting trading would completely destroy this game though, because it's built for it from the core. 

* The whole game is a giant flippin' casino. You can smack your first zombie in the game and it can potentially drop an item that would payroll anything your sweet little heart could dream of for a league. This will be moved to the Pros section as soon as I get a Mirror of Kalandra, or T1 unique drop. *sexually implicative wink in GGG's general direction*

* It's an ARPG, it can still get repetitive

* Technical issues, sometimes. Each league and patch is different for me and my friends.

* If you're unlucky, progressing as a casual can be tough, depending on your goals.


Overall I highly suggest you give it a try, the game just hit peak players this league and I'm sure 3.0 will push those numbers even higher. 

PS - Oh yeah, and the game is totally free, but you probably knew that.
On the one hand, I really want to like it.

On the other, I keep installing and removing it, every once in a while.

I am always impressed by the depth, that PoE offers their players - options for builds, itemisation, synergies, there is so much to it. There is also so much content, so many ways for character progression, so much to do... But I never want to.

I barely managed to get to 7x lvl with glacial mines, started few other characters way back, before PoE was even on Steam. Somehow, I was able to put over 300h into Diablo 3 - it was fast, fun, while not having that much to it - but it felt good playing it - and that's hardly ever accurate for PoE. The aforementioned mine build was the only one I ever happened to like.

If you liked Diablo 2, if you liked Torchlight or Grim Dawn - you will probably also like this one.

Still, leaving positive vote, as PoE certainly deserves it - it just doesn't do it for me.

In my opinion, Path of Exile is the greatest ARPG currently available.  The fact that the game is free to play, yet offers an incredible amount of depth, frequent updates and solid gameplay sets it apart as not only the best ARPG currently, but also one of the best F2P games created to date.  If you are a fan Diablo-style games, then I must recommend you give PoE a go.  I have played Grim Dawn, all three Diablo games, Marvel Heroes, both Torchlight games, Titan's Quest and several other ARPGs (these mentioned are the best of the lot to date, in my opinion).  It is my favorite style of video game, and that has made PoE my favorite game for some time.  

The early game is a bit slower/clunkier feeling than say Diablo 3's due to the way skills work in PoE, but by mid to late game, it becomes much faster-paced.  The skill and class system is an interesting thing in PoE.  You are not bound to a set of skills or play type by the class you pick.  Certain classes lend themselves better to certain playstyles, but you can certainly play a tanky, melee witch and a glass cannon marauder.  Skill gems must be socketed into your gear you are wearing to grant skills to be used, and skills can be modified to augment the way they work and their damage by socketing support gems into linked sockets.  PoE doesn't tend to explain things, or make things so simple that they require no explanation/figuring out.  The wiki for PoE is an extremely valuable source of information, and trading in the game nearly necessitates the use of a third party site - which is essentially an Auction House where one lists or finds items for sale.  Nearly every item in the game is tradeable, and the currency in the game is expendable and usable, making it useful both for trading for items as well as crafting/upgrading your own items.  There are recipes in the game that still have not been discovered (or at least made public) since the game was released!    

That is not to say the game is not without its faults.  Chief amoungst them is the game's engine.  It was developed before there were great engines available for free to build your games with (such as Unreal Engine and Unity).  As such, the developers made their own engine, which allows them to custom tailor it to their game.  It also means that upgrades are more difficult and solely on the shoulders of the development team.  The engine does not handle graphical effects such as particle effects as well as say, Diablo 3's does, and this can cause framerate issues.  As the game has gotten more popular in the past year+, they have been able to expand their team, allowing them to dedicate folks on fixing such issues as well as make regular updates - new content is released every 3 months alternating between an expansion and a smaller content update.  ARPGs are a grindfest, a grind for loot and experience.  PoE keeps things fairly fresh (or gives you a reason to come back every 3 months, at least) by adding regular content.  The 3 month cycle also includes the release of a new challenge leagues, which introduces some new element to the game.  At the end of the challenge leagues, characters from those leagues (there is a hardcore and softcore challenge league) are moved to the permanent hardcore and softcore leagues.  Sometimes the content/mechanics from these challenge leagues is permanently added to the core game, sometimes it is not.  There are a couple things (like stash space and special stash tabs that make organizing things & trading things easier) that are available for purchase that will make the game more convenient.  I played the game for a long time without paying for anything though as you are in no way impaired from enjoying the game without extra stash space.  Cosmetic items make up the bulk of the cash shop, and provide no stat bonuses or any kind of edge other than looking different.  

In conclusion: If you like ARPGs, you really ought to give this a try.  It's better (in my opinion) than any other game in this genre, releases new content updates far more often as well, and all of the other games in the genre cost money to play (Marvel Heroes being the other exception).  Even if you don't end up liking it more than Diablo 3 or Grim Dawn, I highly recommend at least giving Path of Exile an hour or two.  You may find, a couple thousand hours later, you're still learning new things about the game and still having a lot of fun playing it.
Path of Exile is a really good game, and if you haven't given it a shot yet, you def should!

There has been a lot of games trying to recreate the goddess that was Diablo 2, and most of them aren't really worth much. Path of Exile is one that has actually managed to take the grittynitty from Diablo 2 and made it something new, and not just a cheap copy.

It's mostly known for it's huge skillmap (which is a passive skill tree), but the game also offers a decent story, fully voiceacted npcs, and challenging content. It can be pretty unforgiving at the start, so peoples first character normally dont make it to the end. But that is exactly what makes it a great game for a mature audience. You need to actually use your brain to create your character and not just jump in and hack'n'slash your way to the end. There is a balance there between skillgems, support gems, passive tree, and sockets in your gear. 

This is a game I'll keep coming back to! Keep making new characters and seeing as it evolves, and the game really has changed a lot over the years!


+ Huge skill map
+ Great custombility 
+ Challenging
+ Frequently updated and balanced
+ Great Devs that reach out and communicate with their fans
+ Microtransactions are only skins and bank tabs and don't affect gameplay at all

- Certain builds only work if you have specific exotic gear, which means to have X character you need to farm and find gear on a generic build first or buy it through trading websites (which is pretty common)
(But this gives the game GREAT replayability because if you get this unique.. say.. minion master armor drop, you put it in the bank and save it for a future character)
- Builds sometimes require research, if you don't do research it's very common for people to do just fine until they hit a wall where they need to grind to overcome (usually at lategame)
- Skill tree offers a lot of % stat, % energyshield/health/etc etc, and it's easy to forget that you need hard stats to boost it up which you get mostly from gear, meaning if you're REALLY unlucky with drops, you'll be stuck grinding to be able to move forward.

+/- Selling to merchants is an unique system where there are hidden recipes where if you sell X,Y and A you get B back. There is no gold, just currency items like identify scrolls and so forth. And there is a LOT of loot that drops in the game, knowing what is worth picking up and selling generally requires either dumb luck or.. research. Personally I don't enjoy reading wiki pages on what I need to sell to get value out of my grind.
Do you like Action RPG games?
Do you like fantastic soundtracks and atmospheres?
Do you like extremely large skill trees?
Do you like sinking hundreds of hours in a game and doing nothing productive with your meaningless life?

Play Path of Exile! :))
===[ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☑ Pro players

===[ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☐ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[Price/quality: ]=== 
☐ Full price 
☐ Wait for sale 
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☑ It's free

===[ Requirements: ]=== 
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ Game time/length ]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours) 
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 20+ hours) (SINGLEPLAYER)
☑ Endless (MULTIPLAYER)

===[ Story ] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ Bugs ]=== 
☐ Sonic 06
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☑ Nothing that will annoy or bother you
☐ Nothing
~~~~~~~
Graphics: ★★★☆☆
Sound:	★★★☆☆
Gameplay: ★★★★★
Music:	★★☆☆☆ 
Overall:	★★★★☆ 
~~~~~~~
Path of Exile (PoE) is a free-to-play 'MMO' ARPG that in it's simplest terms feels like the spiritual successor to Diablo 2 in a lot of ways. I can only comment on the PvE/Campaign/Co-op elements of this game, I haven't played PvP so I'm not sure if there's any P2W elements in that arena, the non-PvP stuff is purely cosmetic and you can play through the game multiple times without ever spending a dime. This is especially impressive when you consider the game currently has 4 acts and has more (free) ones on the way through an upcoming expansion.

The gameplay itself is a lot of fun and works really well with friends through co-op, there is enough weapon/skills combinations and variety to keep each character and playstyle interesting, centre at this is the enormous skills tree that provides enough possibilities to keep things constantly feeling fresh as you progress. PoE is very accessible to all skill levels as well, friends who had never played an ARPG previously were able to complete a basic, normal-difficulty playthrough in 15-20 hours. The replayability for more seasoned RPG players is strong too thanks to increased difficulty, mob and level modifiers. A nicely implemented RNG system for items, skill gems and even maps for approaching end game content (which takes multiple-player throughs to get even close to) really make this game a great value, which is nice considering it's free.

For a fun pick up and play ARPG with no cost and a developer that is constantly updating and adding large-scale, legitimate free content to the game, you can't really do much better than Path of Exile in this age of over-valued, DLC-infested digital gaming. PoE is one of those games that if you play for any extent of time, you actually want to kick some money back to the developers for being so bada$$.
The best Diablo game since Diablo II.

-It's a 100% free-to-play and yet there's more content and fun to be had than full-priced games in the genre.
-Actual build variety
-FAST gameplay if you want to build your character that way. Characters are actually mobile unlike other recent action RPG's where your mobility skills are tied to a cooldown(seriously what the hell.)
-Depth around every corner. Potions just heal your health or mana in other action RPG's. In this game..potions can have their own unique effect. They can add to your damage, remove elemental effects you were struck with, they can add to defense and more. Hell, there's even a magic find potion!
-Amazing combat with 99% of your skills not being tied to cooldowns like they are in other recent action RPG's. The game knows its roots and having cooldowns on your most fun skills is not fun and makes other recent action RPG's feel like lite MMO's or some kind of funky RTS.
-Great graphics with an artstyle that is like a combination of Diablo II and the Dark Souls series.
-An interesting story if you're into that sort of thing with some really good voice acting.
-The game regularly gets new content every ~3 months or so, as well as new "leagues" that are like mini expansions. Sometimes they even update the game with full-fledged expansions that add a ton of content to the game. All of this at the cost of FREE.

I've sunk 1000's and 1000's of hours into this game just like I did with Diablo II and I'm still having fun. Most of my playtime was done on the stand-alone launcher from their website. I recently downloaded the Steam version since I had some money sittng my wallet so I could toss these guys some support for giving me 1000's of hours of entertainment with no end in sight!

If you enjoy action RPG's like Diablo, Dungeon Siege, Titan's Quest/Grim Dawn, Champions of Norrath, Torchlight etc. etc. you will absolutely love this game. It's taken Diablo II's spot as my absolute all-time favorite action RPG. I also believe if you like RPG's in general you will love this game.

This is also a game that becomes more and more rewarding the more you play it. The more you understand the mechanics and how things work, the more you can get out of your characters and builds and goddamn is it satisfying. I can't recommend it enough and considering it's FREE you have nothing to lose by giving it a shot.

11/10 111/100 on my personal Metacritic.

BOY! this game is a Diablo fans dream! 99% Free to play, and 0% Pay to win, only thing you can buy from the "microtransaction" store is cosmetics and more shared player storage, even though you get like 4 pages for free. Me and three buddies got this game and started a new character together, next thing you know, we logged almost 8 hours in one session. This game is fun to play in single player, but the real joy is sharing the fight in Wraeclast. 



Pros:

-THE LOOT: Holy Saint Hugh Mungus there is a lot of it, but never enough to quench your thirst for more. The Devs really    know what we want because they even let you make your own loot filters so you can sort through all the trash easily.



-GRAPHICS: Ever wonder what Diablo 2 would look like if you could play in 1080p with amazing textures? Well its just like that....BUT EVEN BETTER! This world is beautiful, and not just one of the biomes, ALL of them. With an ever changing landscape and diverse enemies, this game never gets old.



-SKILLTREE: your class doesn't define your skill tree, but where you start in THE skill tree. I mean just Google Path of Exile skill tree, go to images, and look at it in all its glorious beauty. the skill tree is almost as big as the map, and with diversity like that, everyone can have their own *extremely* personalized play style with stats to show it. oh and did I mention that the all skill tree abilities are passive? surprised? well its time to talk about...



-GEMS: In most items there is sockets, and they are used to equip these gems, and the gems are where your real q,w,e,r,t skills come from. So there is no limit on what you can use besides your stats, which you can set to your liking. You can also assign these skills to MOUSE 1-3



-CRAFTING: there is no in game currency, like "gold", but you collect crafting materials and such that you can trade to other players, but you need to be level 25 to trade em. (psst...you can drop them for your friends when in a party and outside a town) this is, in my opinion, one of the most interesting and fun features of this game.





*{IMPORTANT}* !!!CONS!!! *{IMPORTANT}*



-that you're still reading this review and not playing the game...



DOWNLOAD NOW, IF YOU DONT LIKE IT I WILL PERSONALLY GIVE YOU YOUR "FREE" BACK.

EDIT 1: Well after puting +70 hours into this game in one week ive switched to to the standalone launcher so I dont have to be faced with my hours every time i play this game...
After almost 3k hours and 5 years of playing POE i think i can make a little review.
As a fan of ARPGs like Dialbo 2, Grim Dawn, Torchlight and other titles i can safely say that PoE has by far the best charakter customisation, crafting system and endgame but it has a very steep learning curve. When you are committing to this game you will spend a shit ton of time reading stuff and searching for different builds and items and after 5 years of almost daily playing i still havent discovered all the content that this game has to offer. 
The main thing that makes me keep playing are the leagues that release every 3 months like in Diablo 3, but in PoE every new league brings a ton of new content, items, skills, builds, and crafts. Imagine Diablo 3 is getting a expansion every 3 months but it actually has content.

So if you are committing to this game bring a lot of time, patience, curiousity. You will discover an endless amout of gameplay, builds and loot.

But remember. Wraeclast its an unforgiving place.
Stay save Exile

[h1][b]Path Of Exile		* 10/10[/b][/h1]

[i]"All praises to PoE, Lord of terror and Survivor of the Dark Exile..."[/i]

Yes, that was one of the books you find in the dungeons of Diablo. I loved Diablo. More than I should have. I loved Diablo II, maybe even more than the first. And Somehow I didn't expect it to be possible, but I love PoE even more.

[h1][i]INTRO. What is Path Of Exile about?[/i][/h1]
There are a million ways to describe PoE, I could tell you it's an isometric action RPG, I could tell you its story where you're a hero exiled in this land where everyone struggles to survive.
Or I could tell you it's Diablo on Steroids. Heavy steroids. [b]FOR FREE[/b]

[h1][i]GRAPHIC. Engine And Artistic aspects.[/i][/h1]
Grinding Gear Games developed their own engine that works well but that's not the important thing. What really matters is the artistic aspect of the game. When you get into dungeons, or cathedrals, or temples and so on, all levels have been designed with a maniacal care for details and some awesome art such as mosaics, paintings and so on. It is simply amusing to walk through randomly generated maps that give such fine compositions.
Anyways, Lots of art can be found in any other aspects, from the passive skill tree screen, to cards, or items you will find all the time. Definitely good talents have been working on this game.

[h1][i]SOUNDTRACK. Themes and Accompaniments.[/i][/h1]
Yes, soundtrack is incredible too. I can't believe how inspiring and epic it can get, with most of the title tracks (changed through time, from expansion pack to pack), and other themes you can hear along dungeons or various locations. They all fit the atmosphere with music mostly made by arcs, choirs and other particular instruments such as sitar. This convinced me to purchase the soundtrack as well and this happens rarely.

[h1][i]GAMEPLAY. How does it work?[/i][/h1]
Like Diablo. On steroids.
No, seriously, the base system is always the same. You choose your hero's class first (there are seven available, one of them gets unlocked during your first playthrough in a mission), each one is meant to fight better with different weapons or fight approaches.
Every action is made with your mouse cursor, with a few key shortcuts, so you move, interact, attack and organize with your mouse mainly. Each enemy death grants you some experience and when you level up you get a point to spend in your own character's giant skill tree filled with stats, bonuses and variables.
There are different tabs, starting from the inventory with slots for items to equip or to carry around to sell or store in your personal stash in town; there's a map with all quests as well, then there's the character's tab with all his/her personal stats (strength, dexterity, intelligence) damages, resistances and so on; there's a social tab with your friends and guilds.
Actual magics and physical abilities are given by skill gems you find around and place into sockets of weapons or armours you are wielding or wearing. Those skills level up with the same experience you gain with each kill.
Unlike Diablo there's no gold. No money. Everyone here is an exile, so the only currency here is barter. You trade an item for another item. There's a criteria of course. Enough for you to know that regular items grant an identification scroll fragment, while different class of magic, rare and unique items will grant you a different kind of gem fragment that allow the player to improve regular or magic objects stats in many different ways.
And there's much more but it would really take me an entire day to describe everything I know or remember and it's not everything the game has to offer or hides for you to discover as there's a wiki with articles on every single aspect of the game you want to know in order to better understand the game

[h1][i]LAST NOTES. What doesn't work?[/i][/h1]
Not much, actually. How am I supposed to say something wrong about a game that is almost perfect and for free?
I really have to dig into the game to realize that it's vast. There's a lot to do, to know, to see, and to take. Which is mostly a good thing as gives the game an immense replayability, if you consider the different classes, the immense length of the game, the random maps and encounters. And maybe this vastity can scare or bore some casual gamers. But Actually I love this aspect of the game as it gives the game a far superior value compared to any other AAA title. And, in case you didn't notice, [b]IT'S FREE[/b]. And it's [b]NOT A PAY TO WIN[/b]. Every purchase is about cosmetic elements only.
A character's power and level will entirely depend on the time you invest with the game and your ability. Yes, item drops are random yet related to your character level, however this could be another turndown for some players, as your loot depends on your luck, so your character will get stronger or not if you stumble upon a good or a bad item.

[h1][i]TL;DR. Pros And Cons[/i][/h1]
[h1]+++PROs+++[/h1][list]
[*][b] FREE.[/b] Honestly, this is the very first reason you must love and worship this game and their developers. This title is simply put "well developed" in all its aspect and it's immense. It's not a pay to win and you will end up buying stuff on your own will to support developers because they did an immense job and definitely deserve it.
[*][b] SUPPORT.[/b] I started playing this game in 2014 when it barely had 3 acts, now in 2017 it has 10 acts and an infinite map system that expands the game further. How can you hate a game that constantly expands... For free?
[*][b] DIABLO ON STEROIDS.[/b] If you love Diablo and other isometric ARPG this is the definitive game for you. Base mechanics are always the same, but here everything is expanded way beyond your imagination. If you love text books with stories and lore, here you can find books as well around the maps, not to mention all discussions with NPCs in towns.
[*][b] COOP.[/b] There's only one thing that makes this game even better: coop. You can play all the story with your friends, make a guild and go around. You can also challenge other players, there are public events, giving even more variety to the multiplayer and social aspect of the game, but I didn't try them as I only care about coop.
[/list]
[h1]---CONs---[/h1][list]
[*][b] ???.[/b] Maybe it's too vast? Nah, I take it back, this game is pure and endless awesomeness...
[/list]

[i]I played this game on this machine:
Intel Core i7-4970
16Gb RAM DDR3
GeForce GTX 1060 6Gb & GeForce GTX 660 
Windows 10 Professional x64[/i]

[quote] You can follow my reviews through my curator page: [url=store.steampowered.com/curator/28510673]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You can also join my Steam group: [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/EverybodysReviews]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You  are welcome to join and post your own reviews, we can support each other![/quote]
Graphics              --> Beautiful
Game play           --> Very good
Audio                   --> Very good
Audience             --> Adults
PC Requirements --> Medium/ You need a good internet connection
Difficulty              --> Difficult to learn / Very easy when you learn it
Story                    --> Good 
Game Time          --> Practically infinite
Grind                    --> From 1 to 80 easy / From 80 to 100 very difficult
Price                     --> Free (Really free)
Bugs                     --> Zero
I recommend it

I could recommend this game for a good many reason, most of which I notice have already been mentioned by other reviewers.
The best thing, for me, about this game is it's truly open-ended character building. You aren't squished into a rigid, constricted class. Granted, certain classes have certain bonuses to certain stats(ie, Maurader class starts with high strength stats), but beyond that you are perfectly free to build your character into whatever you want them to be.
Skills are gained, not through grinding, leveling up and unlocking them, but by finding skill gems throughout the world. The gems fit into color-coded slots on your armor and weapons.

Some pros and cons:

Pros:
-Free to Play but not Pay to Win
-Easy enough to get into if you have the time. No real background in RPGs needed to enjoy this game.
-Plenty, and I mean PLENTY to do. You will not be bored.
-Maps are randomly generated labrynths. No dungeon will ever be the same twice.
-(this could be a con depending on your tastes) hoards of monsters that inhabit each dungeon. Getting strong enough to mow them down like blades of grass is oh, so satisfying.
-A unique barter system that cuts out gold or other currencies from the game. New players don't start out poor and feel they have to grind just to buy good gear.
-Diablo style loot system. You're going to find the best stuff out there in the game world, not in an NPC's shop.
-(Mostly personal preference here:) No constantly buying potions. Flasks that fill with health potion or mana potion are found as drops ingame and are refilled each time you slay an enemy.

Cons:
-If you like it, it will take over your life.
-Definitely not casual. When you sit down to play, plan on spending at least two hours on one play session.
-Quests become somewhat repetative. "Go here, find this. Come back with something to prove it." Sort of thing. Each dungeon being unique helps cut out any sense of monotony, though.
-Waypoints are few and far between. At maximum, there is one per map. Some maps have multiple levels to them, and the waypoint exists only on one specific level. Some maps lack a waypoint entirely.
-Won't run on a toaster. I tried downloading this game on my old windows 7 toaster, and the game never even made it past the loading screen.

Overall, especially considering the price tag, I am calling this my favorite rpg ever. The graphics are beautiful.The voice acting blew me away considering this is F2P. It's dark and mysterious. Even now that I feel I'm getting the hang of it, I still feel a sense of forboding whenever I enter a new portion of a dungeon.
Some people might call this a Diablo cheap knock-off. Cheap? Well, only if you mean the price tag. It's a very well-thought-out and well-made game. Diablo knock-off? Maybe. It does borrow heavily from the Diablo franchise. I can't personally say how much as I don't play Diablo; but I notice the similarities whenever I watch a youtube video involving the Diablo games and for a moment think "Hey, is that Path of Exile?"
The Game...
In my opinion the game is incredible, it offers alot of variety so that everything feels unique and rather than focus on items to make a build great with set bonuses and such PoE focuses on mechancis and interactions between abilities over the usual power creep that you get in your everyday ARPG, which doesn't mean there is none of that in this game but it just means thats not the main focus. there is alot to this game and it can get quite complex so its not a great beginner experience especialy in the mid-later stages of the game, so expect to actualy die a couple of times once you hit a progression wall. That being said there is ALOT of help out there, PoE is one of if not the most vocal communities out there, including the developers! Also the developers are fans of the Diablo franchise and made this game with some Diablo 2 experiences in mind, so anyone that liked Diablo 2 will most likely enjoy Path of Exile.

Things you can expect:
- Trading with other players (The currency in this game are crafting materials)
- Microtransactions aka MTX (Cosmetic items as well as quality of life stuff like storage space)
- Crafting (The core of the game is crafting/tailoring everything to your liking, hence why the currency is crafting materials)
- Seasons (New leagues where players can choose to start in a new economy with others and explore new features/events that are exclusive to seasons, if they are well received by the community those features will be adopted to the main game)
- Guilds and Party play (unlike most ARPGs you have the option of joining a guild or even playing in a party for additional rewards, also you can play with a friend thats a lower lvl than you and you get scaled down so you can help him catch up if you are into that)
- Lootfilters (You can get a custom made loot filter from the pros or make your own, which filters out specific item tags and rarities and adds a drop sound to it if you choose to do so, also a rarity beacon, what I mean by that is the beacon of light that appears above the item with its respective rarity, so if you got a unique item there might be a orange beacon coming from it so you can't miss it, once again this is just set up by a lootfilter) (For beginners I recommend: Neversink Lootfilter)

Some flaws:
- Performance (The game looks pretty but that comes with a cost, and the cost is more than you think. This game is not very well optimized, so you better have a above average PC to play this game otherwise you will have performance issues, that being said its been a known issue for some time and the developers are aware of it and are working on it.)

- Trading (If you are not a hardcore player and dont want to grind yourself to victory all the way then you will have to trade at some point, and in order to do so you will have to get atleast 1 premium stash tab, which is cheap but its required to trade on the most prominent trading sites for this game, which are on the website and on poe.trade. Most people tend to trade this way however you are also able to trade through the notice board and through messaging in trade chat, this would simply be the lazy solution for trading - a cheap premium stash tab where you can prize items. And NO this is not an auction house, in order to trade you have to interact with another player and haggle with them if you choose to do so.)

- The Character Visuals (If you are like me and you want your characters to not only feel epic to play but look epic aswell, well then you might run into a problem, because PoEs characters look pretty bad wearing the default armors that have stats. Seeing as this game offers alot of variety and doesnt lock you out from using the traditionaly "Plate, Mail, Leather, Cloth" armors with any of your characters you can imagine what a well optimized character might look like, just a abomination of colors and textures. On top of that all characters have some different animations, stances and bulk to them, so while some gear pieces might look good on one character they might look terrible on another. To fix this you could buy some Microntransactions to just get a reusable skin and skin over your gear.

- Microtransactions (NO pay to win) (You have a great variety of customizations to choose from to skin over your character, however this can be pricey. A armor set can be quite expensive so you better choose visely, on top of the pieces being expensive like I stated above not everything looks great on every character, so while you have to option to use those visuals indefinitely and reskin them, some plate armor will simply not look good on a skiny witch as opposed to a big bulky Marauder, the armors were not altered for any characters, they are more or less just being scaled down a little bit, so in the end you might end up buying a armor set for only a few characters rather than all. That being said, the developers try to compensate this with having daily deals which can give you some discount ranging anywhere from 20-40% or so. Also they offer special support packs with every league and expansion, which gives you an equivalent amount of points to use on MTX for its price on top of a armour set and some misc stuff, so this would be your smartest investment if you choose to invest some money in this game.)

- Beginner experience (No matter how experienced you are with ARPGs this will be a new experience alltogether, there is alot to learn in this game and you can expect your first few characters to be absolute trash unless you consult some guides or friends or even a guild. There are quite a few things at hand that will not be explained by the game itself and you might run yourself into a wall not because you are bad at the game but simply because its not explained well or not explained at all. To compensate for this I would strongly advice to join a guild or play with a friend that knows whats up. You can play yourself until you hit that wall, just don't jump the gun and quit right there because you think its the games fault, join a guild and they will be happy to help  you out. I advice against using the general chat seeing as you are in a instance with only a certain amount of players even in the city hubs, most players turn the general chat OFF and just have the guild chat open, so you won't get many replies if any at all this way, not because people don't want to help you necessarily but mostly because there might be anyone there to read what you are saying.)

Conclusion
PoE is a good game in my opinion because of this transparency between devs and players and the frequent content update and news posts I dont see this game failing any time soon, the only big thing that bothers me is the poor optimization on the lower and mid tier end of PCs, it can be quite performance heavy and unplayable if you kill alot of mobs at the same time in end game. I do think the price for their MTXs are expensive, but then again you get to use this indefinitely and reskin it which some games don't do, but since this games nature is to reroll a new character this fits quite well. All in all you can try this game out and enjoy a very casual experience, but when you really want to get into it you will probably end up spending some money on stash tabs for sales and some MTXs to make things look nicer. Its definitely a game that you can come back to after a while even if you are a veteran their update schedule of a new league every 3 months and a new expansion every half a year gives the game a good balance, so while you might take a break from the grind for the last month, you know there will be new stuff in the following month, and I have to give them props for really sticking to this schedule.

Sry for the lengthy feedback I felt like talking about all of it so you know what to expect in Wraeclast! Also pick scion, scion is OP  :D
i really like this game at age 70 support updates visual improvements 
i have   stuck with it and support it when i can 
the best free game 
imnot overly fond of delve but will stay acive despite many unexpected disconnects its ery enjoyable fro me
i have over 4K hours  
players are mostly friendly
With 3.0.0 on the horizon it's hard to believe GGG could cram any more into this game. But upon playing beta not only are they adding a LOT of content, they are changing some of the fundamental constants of the genre. The play style is amazing, the skill system offers a HUGE amount of build customisation. The game caters for new players as it never has before and from all indications it looks like the early levelling experience will be more informative and give better instruction to those that are new to the game. That said, for someone wanting to pick up a game and dominate from day 1... they are going to be bitterly disappointed and i think that is a great thing in a genre that seems to be  pandering to those getting upset if they aren't progressing through every new game at a mind numbing pace, trivialising the time spent creating the encounters in the first place. This game has some seriously difficult content for those up to the challenge and for those not willing or able to test themselves against that content, they are free to challenge themselves in other ways against all manner of content in the endgame.

Oh did i mention this game is free?... Though i would recommend buying a currency tab and a premium stash tab/bundle for quality of life and to donate to a great development team (they are pretty cheap and they are frequently on sale).

I couldn't recommend this game enough.
I've been playing Blizzard games for decades - including all three Diablo games. It pains me to say, Blizzard is merely a shell of what it used to be. Having to outsource a third party developer for Diablo Immortal is shameful. Meanwhile, the people at Grinding Gear Games are carrying on the spirit of what a developer should strive to be. You don't have to spend a penny on this game to enjoy it. That being said, because the product is so solid, and the fact that this game is truly a game designed by gamers, for gamers - I will be happily spending my money on some pretty nifty appearances. I avoid microtransactions like the plague - this game may be the sole exception.

If you're a Diablo fan, this is the sequel you've been waiting for for the last 6 years.
This game can't be beat right now. Free to play, and what Diablo 3 should have been. Steep learning curve due to the game being so customizable with builds and the vast amounts of currency and items. This means you might actually have to learn something for once instead of having the game spoon fed to you like Diablo 3. Just get it and stop waiting for Diablo 3 to be this game. There are 3 websites that you need to know so that you can hit the ground running. 1) PoE Wiki 2) Poe.Trade 3)Currency.poe.trade

The wiki site is for learning about generally how the game works. The Poe.Trade is a legitimate website that you use the same way the Auction House in WoW works. People can have a custom stash tab that they can market their items in. Then their items show up on this website. So it makes it real easy to just do a simple search for the item you want, and it will populate the closest match from someone who is Online right now that you can trade with. The Currency.poe.trade is the website you need to use to see what the going rate is for currency in the game. For example, there is no gold, so you will get drops in the game that do various things like upgrade a normal item to a rare item. The main thing to trade is Chaos Orbs which you can think about as Stone of Jordans from Diablo 2. In the trade channel within the game, when someone has an item for trade, they will say "Winds of Change Gloves : 1c" This means they are selling the gloves for 1c which is 1 chaos orb. You can get chaos orbs from anywhere just like all of the other currency (monster drop, treasure chest, boss drop, etc.) You can also trade multiple lower quality forms of currency for a chaos orb like "Jeweler's Orb 9 : 1c" That means I want to trade 9 Jeweler's Orbs for 1 Chaos orb.

I hope that helps you get started. Check out Youtube videos on current builds that are effective and that you might like to play. Follow their guides for where to spend your passive points and you should be good to go. Trade your stuff for Chaos orbs, when you get enough, buy gear for your build with them. Also, get a loot filter. Tons of items drop on the ground, most will not be a) of use and b) of value. I use NeverSink's itemfilter from the GitHub site. Go to "releases", download the latest Source Code version and extract the contents to your Documents > My Games > Path of Exile > folder. Then within the game you can choose the filter from your Settings > UI > Loot Filter drop down. The loot filter doesn't show crap/less value items when they drop and instead will only show good items and will also play a subtle sound everytime something decent drops.

Peace!
Zombie
If you look past the flame wars about "Diablo III vs. Path of Exile," and understand that the games are fundamentally different in necessary ways, you'll find that it's possible to enjoy both.

That said, Path of Exile did a better job capturing that "gritty" feel of Diablo II. The Skill Gem system is brilliant, and the open-ended Passive Skill Map is daunting at first; but once you get a basic understanding of how it all comes together, there's no end to the "I wanna try this build next."

On the other hand, the game does a poor job of explaining things like the passives, crafting, and gems. The community is helpful when they're not bickering over Blizzard vs. GGG, and there are some good guides, but it's a shame that you have to study up outside of the game before really getting into it. As such, it falls into the Diablo II scheme of "your first character will probably be a mess and you'll wind up making a different one to really progress with."

In all, very fun experience, and one of the best Free-to-Play models I've ever been a part of.

UPDATE: They've since made strides for a proper in-game tutorial and resources. It's not 100% and you can expect to spend some time with a browser open, still. They also added an official trade site, so I'm glad they are embracing that side of the economy. They revamped the entire leveling system; rather than doing the same four Acts three times, there is now a campaign spanning 10 Acts then you're at the end game. In the year and few months since I'd written my initial review, I've poured nearly 2000 hours into this game. GGG is one of the most transparent and sincere developers I've seen, and is very in-touch with their community and what they want and don't want. They're nearly always willing to admit their mistakes and try things the way the players want them, rather than saying "You think you want that, but you don't."
Path of Exile is a free to play isometric RPG. Its Steam reviews have been consistently very positive for years, and for good reason.

[h1]GENRE[/h1]
RPG

[h1]CONTROLS[/h1]
Mouse and keyboard in isometric perspective.

[h1]GAME MODES[/h1]
[list]
[*] Single Player
[*] Co-Op (with instancing like an MMO)
[*] PvP (several PvP modes like duelling, arena etc)
[/list]

[h1]CHARACTER CREATOR[/h1]
There is no character creator because you choose between 6 pre-set hero classes (a 7th one becomes available later in the game).

[h1]POINT OF THE GAME[/h1]
If you've played the Diablo franchise (or one of the less popular ones like Grim Dawn/Torchlight), you will know more or less what you are getting into.  Your hero wakes up on a beach where you kill a few monsters before reaching the first town. In town, you will find merchant NPCs, other players sharing that instance, and your stash chest where you can store stuff.  You progress through different map areas with increasingly more difficult monsters, while levelling up, and getting better loot.  You unlock waypoints in different areas for fast travelling to towns and other maps. At the end of each Act is a boss.  Unique to Path of Exile is that gems are where your abilities come from.  You get skill gems and supporting gems which all work together in items with coloured linked sockets.  The skill tree that you're used to in most RPGs is actually a complex attribute tree.

[h1]GOOD POINTS[/h1]
[list]
[*] The graphics are nice (less cartoony than Diablo 3), and the effects are beautiful.
[*] The game is well maintained with frequent updates, as well as new content with each league (like a Diablo 3 seasons).
[*] Once you understand how the unique gem system works, the game gets really exciting and fun trying out different gem combinations.  The gems can be removed from items at no cost.
[*] Crap loads of loot, and an option of turning on filtering to help you see the important drops quicker. (You can also configure and download custom filters from filterblade.xyz)
[*] This is not a Pay-To-Win.  The shop sells aesthetics and stash tabs (the latter I've bought), but you could enjoy thousands of hours in this game without spending a cent.  Stash tabs regularly go on sale and some are uniquely designed for certain loot to help you organise your stuff better.  
[*] Like Diablo 3 seasons, each league provides challenges that if completed snag you aesthetics you would otherwise have to buy. 
[*] Your league characters are downgraded to standard characters at the end of the league, and all their loot gets added to your shared stash box as separate stash tabs that you can remove from only. Diablo 3 could learn from this.  
[/list]

[h1]BAD POINTS[/h1]
[list]
[*] Unlike Diablo 3, there is no easy way to see which item is worth more because there is no proper hierarchical merchant currency (no gold coins etc).  All common items (regardless of usefulness or not sell for 1 scrap). Magical & rares sell for different types of shards, and the usefulness of these won't be immediately apparent.
[*] When playing co-op, there is no individual loot. Whatever drops on the ground, anyone can see, and if you take it, no one else in the party can take it.  This is a major discouraging factor of co op. They could learn from Diablo 3 where whatever you see on the ground is yours alone.
[*] Each hero class has a predetermined gender, meaning that if you play a ranger, you will be a female. Diablo 3 has male and female versions of every class which I think is more immersive.
[/list]

[h1]MY THOUGHTS[/h1]
I really enjoy this game, but if you're a newbie like me, just keep in mind that most people that play PoE have been playing for years and have forgotten what it is like to play a new RPG for the first time. They don't understand that you just want to relax and go through the campaign, soaking up the story, listening to the NPCs drivel and exploring every inch of the fog of war.  If you have a veteran in your party, they will bull-rush every map making it a frantic loot pick up simulator, and try to strong arm you into using 'builds' because God forbid you should want to [i]play[/i] a game instead of paint by numbers using someone else's formula for winning.  My advice: play by yourself except if the point is to complete challenges for aesthetics. Then you can all bull-rush together.

If you found my review helpful please come say hi on my stream:
https://www.twitch.tv/mr_w4rpath
I really like this game.

But there is one thing i truly hate about it and that is when i am not playing it i feel like i should be playing it.

If you are not into that kinda feel don't get into it because it will suck you in the first few months.
For those who spent hours and hours of untold fun on Diablo 2 getting that next unique, getting that next level. For those who love depth of gameplay with vast amount of choices. This game is for you. It takes the materia system from Final Fantasy 7, the sphere grid system from Final Fantasy 10 and mashes them together. By far the best ARPG to come out in a decade. It's even free to play, while still being ethical about what they offer as payed services.
One of the best ARPG game developed.
It has deep customazation, unique mechanics and awesome expansions/leagues every 3 months.
GGG does a very good job at communicating with the community.

Music: Amazing.
Graphics: Decent.
Gameplay: Fun if you like ARPG games.
Microtransaction: Only cosmatic with the exception of stash tabs.

If you are a fan of ARPG games, try the game (its free anyway)
It has a high learningcurve but there are a lot of guides and tutorials to help you with.
So, as i'm writing this i got over 2100 hours in it.
Still learning new mechanics, new set-ups and enjoying it as much as i did 2099 hours ago.

Path of Exile brings you a great selection of different playstyles and builds to do. As a beginner i would recommend copying others builds for a start to learn the game and the different classes.

What makes Path of Exile so great is that there is no such thing as "you can only play melee as the 'marauder'" or "The witch can only be played as a spellcaster". Sure, the witch is better at spellcasting than the marauder initially, but depending on your build a Marauder can do just as much damage as a spellcaster as the Witch.

What makes Path of Exile hard for beginners is learning the passive tree and where to go, It's MASSIVE (1325 passive skills as i'm writing this), but i highly recommend anyone with some time to try it out!

The lategame offers a map system that you yourself as the player can craft the map mods and what you prefer.

Grinding Gear Games (the people who made it) are very dedicated and updates the game frequently. So far any time i've found something strange like a bug i've always managed to get in touch with them and they've helped me with the problem at hand. 

I'm not entirely sure what more to write, just try it! See you in Wraeclast!
May get a bit boring after 3000 hours. But after a short break it's ok again.

Playtine not counting in closed and open Beta. And I didn't even like it when I had a very first look back then  when only Act 2 was available...
If you like Diablo 2 but wish that character customization was MUCH MUCH more advanced, this is the game for you. The game recently broke from the usual Diablo clone tradition of beating the game, then beating it again but on a higher difficulty by adding 6 more acts to the 4 they had before. 

But the big thing is the character creation I mentioned earlier. When you pick a class, you start on a different part of the skill web. When you level up or complete certain quests, you get points to progress along the web. The skill web is MASSIVE. This allows you to create the character you really want. Want witch who can be a tank? Just go along the web into areas near the Templar and take the energy shield and armour nodes. Want a marauder who doesn't attack but summons totems that use a more power up the spell you put on it? Totally doable. Just take note that if you just go along the web willy nilly, your character may not be really that good when you hit end game. But thankfully, once you have one character who is decent level, you should have found loot along the way to make leveling another character a lot easier.

Another interesting system is the skill gems system. You weapons, body armour, head armour, gloves, and boot have a certain number of slots of 3 colors, green, red, and blue. In these slots you can put in gems that give you your various powers or augment powers if the sockets links to another socket that has a skill gem. If you don't like the colors or how many sockets there are or if they are linked or not, you can use various orbs you find to try and get more. It sounds complex, but once you get used to it, it allows some amazing things. Things like an AOE earthquake that heals you for each enemy hit, gives you a armour buff, and deals extra fire damage. The combination for the skill web and the skill gems makes the game very complex but also fun as hell. If you aren't into theory crafting some super build, there are plenty of builds on the forum to suit your taste. Everything from cheap starter builds that may use 1 or 2 uniques that are quite cheap to super complex builds that are god like but require uniques that cost a lot but make you unstoppable.

The last weird mechanic worth talking about it currency. The island you're on doesn't have a governing system so there is no gold coins to collect. Instead you buy items from vendors and other players with currency items. The catch being that currency items range from your lowly, but really helpful, identification scroll that identifies what effects a magical or rare item has, all that way to exalted orbs that let you add new effects to rare items. You can trade these items for higher ones but you will always need the lower ones so you will need to grab all of them that you can.

Would I suggest this game for others to play? Very much so. Even if you just follow a build on the forums and just play till the end of act 10 and not even touch the endgame "maps" system, you will have a good time in a very interring world with some amazing mechanics. This games is definitely worth your time.

Edit: Now they are releasing an expansion to update the end game to make it more dynamic. Much needed imporvment.
The story of how an independent company managed to dethrone the creators of a genre by simply not being greedy asses and making a great game with content that hasn't stop comming since it's inception (for fucking free).
[b][i]Pros[/i][/b]

-Free.
-Money can't give you an advantage (aside from more stash tabs...).
-Immense depth, pleasant mechanics.
-Satisfying and relaxing gameplay.
-Enorm lasting appeal and replayability
-Fun expansions, there's always something new to do.
-Great diversity of gameplay.
-Amazing developpers.
-Everything always seems well-thought and polished, few bugs and imbalances.
-Massive skill tree:

http://i.imgur.com/7QeaYe4.jpg

[b][i]Cons[/i][/b]

-Updates are unbelievably long. And there's a lot of them. And me here thinking I'd play some PoE tonight. Sigh.

[b][i]Brief description[/i][/b]

In this game, you will stare as an exile fighting for their life in a chaotic world where the only thing you can count on is monsters assaulting you at each and every step you take. You will equip yourself with the best swords, maces, bows, axes, claws or wands and the optimal armor pieces you can get a hang on, and choose the best skills you can gather the power to use in your fight against an endless horde of sanguinary monsters. Along the road, you will become stronger and stronger with each battle in your quest to defeating the evils of the world.

The game plays in a god-like view in a real-time combat game.

[h1]Verdict[/h1]

[i] Definitely	[/i] recommend this game. I mean, it's free, what's the harm in trying?
1800 hours later... great game, great team developing it and they obviously care a lot about perfecting the ARPG experience! I'm confident that this game will only get better in the future.
"I'll just play a couple hours of poe"
*looks at clock
"How did 5 years pass by?"

Well, if you like complex games that will consume your life you're in for a treat!

Now not coming to iOS™ and Android™ !
Before I download a F2P MMO, I need to know if the game is P2W.

Path of Exile (PoE) does not sell:

Experience boosters
Item rarity/quantity boosters (increased through gear only)
Stat buffs (increased through gear/skills only)
Skill tree resets (through in-game currency only)
Cosmetic items with stats 
Item quality (increased through in-game currency only)
Megaphones (global chat is open access)
DLCs (non-soundtrack)

The only items in the microtransactions (MTX) store which benefit your charactors directly are the 'currency tabs,' 'stash tabs,' and 'premium stash tabs.' 

Stash tabs: Each account has access to four stash tabs by default, sufficient to reach end-game content with. No problem here.

Currency tabs: Functions as a bank. The max stack of currency items is increased (20 for orbs of alterations, for example) to 5000. 

It is worth noting buying stash tabs is more bang for your buck if you don't amass lower tier currency, as currency tabs cannot contain items. For comparison, currency tabs are able to 5000 of each currency, while stash tabs are a grid of 144 boxes, each able to hold one stack of currency. Allocating one of your four default stash tabs for currency will suffice. No problem here.

Premium stash tab: Default stash tabs which can be renamed, colored, and set to public. The benefit of purchasing this tab is for the easy indexing (selling) of items.

Grinding Gear Games faced community backlash when they released the option of setting these tabs to public. Public premium stash tabs are able to be indexed by 'poe.trade', the 'auction house' of the economy. The option of indexing one's stash through the application 'Procurement,' is less efficient and not implemented as an in-game function.

If you do plan on selling items through poe.trade instead of trade chat, and index through premium stash tabs instead of 'Procurement', you buy one (4 USD), or premium a default tab (1.5 USD) and you're set.

Conclusion: 

To my knowledge, this is one of the best MTX models on the market. It is worth noting you do not need to purchase the forementioned to progress and experience all of which this game has to offer. Contentwise, Path of Exile is an ARPG at the forefront of its genre. It's F2P, there's next to no reason as to why you shouldn't try it yourself instead of taking my word for it. 

While I downloaded and run PoE on the official standalone client, please feel free to message me on Steam if you need help.
How is this free!!? This is how you do FTP right. With this and Warframe, this just proves you can have a true AAA experience with FTP, if the devs are passionate about it and don't get greedy.

Thank you Grinding Gear Games!
Path of exile is the best western A-RPG on the market at the moment - And it's free!
With over 1000 hours invested into this game i can honestly say it's the best current rpg experience to be had and easily rivals the big AAA titles (Diablo 3 etc). Gameplay is unique, the devs are awesome, content is constantly being added, the community is actually listened to and the microtransactions are only QOL or cosmetic. The replayability value is insane and there's easily hundreds of different builds you can make. The game is also very challenging but rewarding with a vast, complex economic system (No gold, you trade with currency items that are also be used for crafting) with hundreds of unique items that can make a build possible or transform a build into something completely different. I cannot praise this game enough, everything from the map design, music, boss mechanics, atmosphere, graphics, animations, combat are beautifully executed. If you love RPG's and havn't tried this out, you must try this game.
From the perspective of a beginner (me):

PoE seems intimidating at first, but it is actually fairly easy to stay alive in, as long as you make good use of your mana and health viles. After about 45 minutes, you start to get into the groove of things, and will start to feel hooked. Overall, as a beginner, I recommend this game
What can i say! Great game! Just look at my playtime! Insane right? But if you like to grind this is the game for you. And i love to grind and get all that loot and currency. 

The game is RNG based, so anything can drop, you never know what you will find?

The best part is that the game is free! But you can support the game and GGG (Grinding Gear Games) if you want with Supporter packs or MTX stuff in the game.

There is so much more i could write, but it`s better if you try the game for yourself. 

See you in the game Exile! :)
Good game for everyone who liked Diablo 2, beware though the game can be extremely complicated and deep in the passive/skill/endgame systems! Which was a big plus for me personally.
POE continues to be the best next step in the Diablo franchise that Blizzard could never figure out. GGG has done an incredible job building out 10 acts of story plus a virtually endless endgame with so many activities that all have worthwhile rewards. Replay value is great not just because of expansions the great & frequent challenge leagues (think "seasons"), but also because of the huge number of skills & gear & other build-changing mechanics that all combine into tons of builds, very many of which are endgame viable. The game is truly free-to-play, free-to-win, etc. -- microtransactions are all about cosmetics or in a few cases quality of life (i.e., stash management), and GGG has built a lot of trust with its community for sticking to this model, as well as a development team with an unmatched ability to respond quickly and transparently to changes.
One of the best games I have ever played, if you like ARPG's like Diablo or Torchlite definitely give this a go, but try to stick with it as it is rather complicated to begin with.
This is a fantastic game, but please be aware that it requires time to learn stuff. And there's a shitload of stuff to learn.
The people are linked together by our all-mighty deity LE TOUCAN, remember to praise him regularly.

░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▄███▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
 ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░
 ░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░ 
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░ 
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█▄░░░░░░░░░░░
 ░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄███████▄░░░░░░ 
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███████████▄░░░ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐█████████████▄ ░
░░░toucan░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐█████████████▄ ░
░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███████████████ 
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀██████░░
If you were a fan of Diablo 2, have been disappoint by Diablo 3's mistakes with the formula, then you might enjoy this.  

I have just scratched the surface, so I am not sure if some funny is intentional or not, like:
"Kaom has removed the Eternal stain from this coast." - I DED.
This is honestly one of the best games that I have played on steam. It has a perfect f2p model and has season races to spice up the mundane. I think everyone should play it at some point and give it a legitiment try. The community is not as toxic as one would expect with a game like this and is more than willing to explain all of the nuance behind the game (and trust me there is a lot).
[h1]That's how F2P is working![/h1]

To say it frankly, this game is highly addictive and needs a Badge of Warning... "Tread with Care: This game has the potential to ruin your life and makes your brain revolve around future builds and Min/Max characteristics."

After over 300 hours, I still haven't seen every nook and cranny of this game, and tell you what, I am fine with this. The replayability is immense, and the devilish developers always add new stuff, so it's assured that you can't reach "endgame"... Well, what is "Endgame" supposed to be in an ongoing story, I remember on my old machine, when the game first came out, it was a crude and unbalanced game... forget this, it's well worked out and a ton of fun. Well, yeah, probably you will invest some money sooner or later (some new Stashes for example to unload all those nifty things for future builds).

But you don't need to, some people work with mules, others work with Alt Accounts, which are even kind of recommended by the devs, and the devs... you remember the slogan of an competitor, of tripple A stuff? "From Gamers, for Gamers"? They are true to that slogan.

Given there are a lot things that are daunting about the game, first off, the skill tree at first sight could be something like a big chunk of raw meat to swallow, it's true that your first character literally will be crappy, maybe even your second and third character... but don't worry, learning by doing is a good recipe. Also the many skill gems, most of them aren't available early on, and that might give you a big headache, since you might fall for the trap of "survivalism" (Live with what you have, and keep it as long as possible)... and then the Ascendencies, not to forget, Delves, Incursions, Maps, Dieties and the new Kid on the Block, Betrayal...

A new star is already looming ahead, pretty soon it might get announced, and you can guess one thing - it's still not finished...

[h1]Highly Recommended[/h1]

Alone on the base that an Indie developer did show, how to create at least a spiritual descendant of a game once though by a company called after a snowstorm gone mad which they weren't able to recreate. Kudos, on beating a big company to their game.
This game is awesome. There is a bit of a learning curve and you might want a PHD in economics for the currency system. Once you start to figure it out it is super addictive. I would definitely recommend using a loot filter and hotkeys for searching the trade sites for values. There are micro-transactions, but mostly cosmetic. The only thing I spent money on were upgrading my stash tabs. I highly recommend it. Anyway, go play this loot slot machine that is like Diablo 3 should have been.
I've never sunk so much time into a single game. Ever.

This game feels great in a lot of ways. Hack 'n slash action is great with mindless onslaught happening 24/7 and constantly being on the verge of your seat waiting for RNG to smile upon you.

Characters have very little limitations, you can make very interesting builds. Game has a lot of mechanics and items to mess around with, allowing you to create almost any skill combination you want. You can make a mad man sprinkling enemies with molten meatballs, kamikaze skeleton summoner, fastest man alive shattering all enemies into ice... you name it!

But is it p2w? Not much. All microtransactions are focused around cosmetics, and the closest you get to "pay to win" are stash tabs. But you don't need to spend a lot; 20$ + stash tab sale (happens every 2 - 3 weeks) and you have more stash space than you'd ever need, which is a reasonable price considering you get the game for free already.

Developers are very mindful and do large patches every 3 months, introducing new items, new skills or reworks, balance changes and challenge leagues, where everone starts fresh in an enviroment with new experimental features.

Why wait? It's free to play, you should check it out!

Some quick tips if you're a new player:
- HC is literally hardcore, don't go there without any experience
- SSF is super fun but not friendly for new players (no trading or party play)
- leagues are where playerbase is always thriving and the game is most fun, use standard as a "playground" in between leagues or a practice tool
- find a league starter build guide and follow it (reasonable first build budget is under 2 exalted orbs), avoid bow builds as they're difficult to start with
The game has a deep lore, a lot to explore and rich gameplay. Each Exile has stuff to explore, the two leagues add even more, and the game does have a difficulty curve that keeps gameplay entertaining and makes it so we still have to think and strategize even in late game. Additionally, the different effects that equipment can have means that even two players playing the same Exile could have completely different builds and playstyles while still doing alright for themselves. While PoE is a lot of fun with other players, one can still play on their own with no issues.
New to PoE, and enjoying the experience. For a 'FTP', I will be spending some money to support the game.

Story: IMO, much better than Diablo III. 

Character Classes: Significant amount of flexibility, and character development planning (which I enjoy)

Pace: Good pace of action & leveling. Hunting down gems and gear with the right connected slots ends up not feeling 'grindy'  to me.
Pros-
Great game play
good solo playing
free potions

Neutral - 
barter system - sometimes you just can't get the worth of your items

cons - 
I have no idea what i am doing even after reaching 29th Level - a bit complicated for me
incase you have a disconnection, you're sent back to base - online only concept kind of ruins anyone with bad net

Completely free to play and so much better than Diablo 3. As a new player, I can confirm that the game is very overwhelming at the beginning, but it gets better and a lot more interesting. Great game.
I'm nearing 1k hours, with that playtime spanning multiple leagues in the game over several years. Not quite what my fellow players have attained, but it's really easy to play this much in a game you consistently want to get better at. 

I don't get bored with this game, as there's levels of content that simply reveal new levels to reach. 

I highly recommend it, and I regularly try to pull in my coworkers into playing with me. Playing with friends, while not necessary, makes the experience more enjoyable. With such a great community, though, it's not hard to find people to go along with. 

Since the leagues are regular and content just gets more and more rich by every update, the sooner you get in the game the better!
This is one of, if not the best game I have ever played. Definitely the best ARPG on the market right now, and it looks to be that way for quite some time. It's got a huge range of content, incredibly deep character creation, and complex mechanics that took me hundreds of hours to fully understand. There's just so much to do as you level your character through the 10 story acts, and then delve into over 150 craftable maps to level and customize your character even further and prepare for the huge variety of endgame bosses you can fight. And the best part is, the game is 100% free to play. The only microtransactions that exist are purely cosmetic (and there are some pretty amazing cosmetics).

The one hindrance to my experience is that this game requires a rather large time investment to grind and min-max in. This is compounded by the league system, in which the ladders and game progress reset every three months (league progress at the end of three months is migrated to the permanent league). Yet the league system is also probably the game's greatest strength. It ensures that the game is updated with new temporary mechanics and often permanent content every three months, and the devs are rock solid at keeping to this schedule. Grinding Gear Games are the most involved developers I have ever and probably will ever encounter in a game. They communicate regularly, on social media like Reddit and Twitter, and are near perfectly in-touch with their community. 

Overall, this game is amazing, especially if you love to create characters and customize and min-max them for hours on end. And it's completely free, so why not pick it up and give it a try?
Reviewer : Joneseh
System Specs :
CPU : i7 4770k 3.5Ghz
GPU : GTX 970
RAM : 16 GB DDR3

Overview :
Prepare yourselves for a dark fantasy ARPG with extremely in-depth systems. The game has evolved over the years to become the premier free-to-play MMOARPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Action Role Playing Game). This game has a steep learning curve that can be unforgiving at times but extremely satisfying once you understand the basics. One of the best features of the game is a content "patch/expansion" on 13 week cycles to keep the game fresh. I've personally sank almost 800 hours into the game not counting time spent researching outside of the game. You can literally spend hundreds of hours theory-crafting your character builds with all of the options the game has to offer. I highly recommend this game if you want something you can spend infinite amount of time in.

Gameplay : 9/10
Difficulty : Main Campaign 4/10, End Game 10/10
Playtime : Main Campaign : 20-40 Hours, End Game : Endless
Replayability : 7/10 (New League every 13 weeks keeps the game fresh enough for most people especially with the release of new content)
Overall Score : 9.5/10

This is the real Diablo III (except for the story of course).
If you were into Diablo, Diablo II and D2: Lord of Destruction and you hate D3, this is what you´re looking for ;)
Why waste money on Diablo when POE is free... I had much more fun with this game than I ever did playing the same game 4 times in D3 to get inferno mode... which was a load of bullshit.
Pros:
Well optimised 
Fun gear and skill customisation
Good replay value 

Cons:
All skills are essentially an AoE spamfest
Very very samey gameplay


Great game.

Months and months of content. Upon hitting around level 60 with a 3rd character I realized that i still have only just scratched the surface of this game. New seasonal content seems to come out pretty often keeping things fresh.
This game is godly. They have even managed to improve it upon the original. They just keep 1-upping themselves and it makes me so happy to see this game flourish!
still sane, exile? 

this is the best ARPG out there, what diablo 3 SHOULD have been. 

the company behind this game are brilliant too, pushing out high quality new content every 3 months or so.
Best ARPG available right now. Completely free with money only impacting storage space or cosmetics. Constant updates and a very transparent dev team who put in a ton of work with regular game-improving updates and new content. Cannot recommend enough.
116.6 hrs on record
===[ 📊 Rating ]===
✔️ good game

===[ 🕹️ Gamestyle ]===
✔️ Multiplayer 
❌ Singleplayer

===[ 👪 Audience ]===
❌ Kids
✔️ Teens
✔️ Adults
✔️ Casual players
✔️ Pro players

===[ 🔥 Requirments ]===
✔️ Low / Budget 
❌ Medium / Office PC
❌ High / Gaming PC
❌ Extreme / High-end or more

===[ 🐞 Bugs ]===
❌ Unplayable or gamebreaking
❌ Frustrating and feels unfinished
✔️ Few Bugs but nothing gamebreaking
❌ No bugs were encountered

===[ 🎯 Difficulty ]===
❌ Simple
❌ Sometimes challenging
❌ Mostly challenging
❌ Easy to learn and hard to master 
✔️ Masochistic but fair
❌ Too difficult and unbalanced

===[ 🌏 Story ] ===
❌ Not needed / None
✔️ Bad
❌ Average
❌ Good
❌ Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ 👀 Graphics ]===
❌ A matter of taste
❌ Bad
❌ Average
✔️ Good
❌ Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ 🔊 Audio ]===
❌ Not needed / Music turned off 
❌ Bad
❌ Average
✔️ Good
❌  Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ ⛸️ Grind ]===
❌ Not needed / None
❌ Only for leaderboards / ranks
❌ Average grind level
❌ Heavily depends on gamestyle / personality
✔️ A lot of grinding but feels rewarding
❌ Too much grind and feels repetitive

===[ ⏰ Gametime ]===
❌ Really short ( 0 - 8 hours)
❌ Short ( 8 - 20 hours)
❌ Long ( 20 - 50 hours)
❌ Very long ( 50 - 99 hours)
✔️ Endless ( 100+ hours)

===[ 💎 Price / Quality ]===
✔️ In-Game-Shop ( only cosmetics )
✔️ In-Game-Shop ( boosts / saving time )
❌ In-Game-Shop ( superior loot / stats )
✔️ Free
❌ Not much
❌ Full price
❌ Wait for sale
❌ Don't do it
absolute beast  of a game, the spiritual successor of the diablo series, story is nothing to write home about but better than most other ARPG's out there, you can make hundreds of different builds, and it's not noob-friendly,  they're better off on queer games like minecraft or fortnite haha!
If you want an ARPG that you can dive into and no life forever than Path of Exile is THE game for you. I love this game. If you like games like Diablo but just want MORE, you should definitely try Path of Exile and not worry about how far you get starting out. Path of Exile isn't a game you "beat", it's a game you play. Getting a feel for how the game works starting out is better than trying to follow some online build guide full of acronyms that isn't written for new players.
===[ 📊 Rating ]===
✔️ good game

===[ 🕹️ Gamestyle ]===
✔️ Multiplayer 
❌ Singleplayer

===[ 👪 Audience ]===
❌ Kids
✔️ Teens
✔️ Adults
✔️ Casual players
✔️ Pro players

===[ 🔥 Requirments ]===
❌ Low / Budget 
❌ Medium / Office PC
✔️ High / Gaming PC
❌ Extreme / High-end or more

===[ 🐞 Bugs ]===
❌ Unplayable or gamebreaking
❌ Frustrating and feels unfinished
✔️ Few Bugs but nothing gamebreaking
❌ No bugs were encountered

===[ 🎯 Difficulty ]===
❌ Simple
❌ Sometimes challenging
❌ Mostly challenging
✔️ Easy to learn and hard to master 
❌ Masochistic but fair
❌ Too difficult and unbalanced

===[ 🌏 Story ] ===
❌ Not needed / None
❌ Bad
✔️ Average
❌ Good
❌ Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ 👀 Graphics ]===
❌ A matter of taste
❌ Bad
✔️ Average
❌ Good
❌ Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ 🔊 Audio ]===
❌ Not needed / Music turned off 
❌ Bad
❌ Average
❌ Good
✔️ Very good
❌ Masterpiece

===[ ⛸️ Grind ]===
❌ Not needed / None
❌ Only for leaderboards / ranks
❌ Average grind level
✔️ Heavily depends on gamestyle / personality
❌ A lot of grinding but feels rewarding
❌ Too much grind and feels repetitive

===[ ⏰ Gametime ]===
❌ Really short ( 0 - 8 hours)
❌ Short ( 8 - 20 hours)
❌ Long ( 20 - 50 hours)
❌ Very long ( 50 - 99 hours)
✔️ Endless ( 100+ hours)

===[ 💎 Price / Quality ]===
✔️ In-Game-Shop ( only cosmetics )
❌ In-Game-Shop ( boosts / saving time )
❌ In-Game-Shop ( superior loot / stats )
❌ Free
❌ Not much
❌ Full price
❌ Wait for sale
❌ Don't do it

Feel free to copy this list, but please respect my effort and don't remove this:
© Fackel
I always grew up playing Diablo 2 with my brothers, pouring hundreds upon hundreds of hours into it. So when the time came for Diablo 3's release, I naively pre-ordered it. After playing it for a few hours, I uninstalled it and switched on over to Path of Exile -- Diablo's true successor. I've never been more thankful for a game's existence than i am for Path of Exile. 

98/100
My favorite part of the game is that you can use literally any skill for any level of content if you have a) the right items and b) the right skill setup. Most skills feel fun to use and many things are rewarding. The story quest feels a little stale at times, but that's forgivable. Mad props to this company for keeping this truly free to play.
One of the best games ever made, however, if GGG wants to reach the absolute top with thihs game the combat system itself needs to be improved or completely reworked. The concept that you spam one or two abilites for hours has been outdated for years already, there needs to be some kind of upgrade, a combo system perhaps, that gems affects each other in some way when used in a certain order.

Apart from that, this game is one of the best games you can enjoy today, every 3 months they update it with a huge patch/expansion that includes reworks and improvements aswell as new contents. Everything except cosmetics is free and there is allways something new to find, one item can change an entire spell.
This is a hard one, since the game has a lot of good qualities and can provide hour upon hours of good quality entertainment for pratically free. That being said, it is a game that, for many people, should never be picked up in the first place. This is because the game is essentially a huge skinner box that resorts to gambling-related psychological manipulation.

Now, to be fair, there are many positives. The game is mostly not pay-to-win as you cannot buy any in-game power with real world currency. It has arguably the most complex itemization system of any rpg out there. For example, there are over 800 unique items of which many have build defining and interesting mechanics. The game also has tons of diversity and complexity in designing your own builds. I have spent propably hundreds of hours just planning out builds. There is also a lot of content to explore (10 acts, over 150 maps, an infinite mine and various special boss battles etc.) There are also a myriad of different skills and abilities you can use and experiment with.

But then there are the negatives. They result from a combination of design choices that are really hard to get away from anymore. These include:
- Mana cost is a non issue for skills
- Power of skills is very strongly tied to the amount of linked support sockets they have
- Skills have grossly different power levels
- Recovery options are super powerful (you can heal back extremely fast)
- Bosses have way more hp than regular mobs, yet drop altrociously bad loot.
- There is a lot of power creep that has results from new content being added regularly.

The result is that we have a game that is extremely spammy, monotonic, is mostly trivial, but then suprises you with a sudden one-shot death. So, it's mostly boring gameplay that yet demands that you pay attention. Imagine reading a very boring book for an exam. That is pretty much how PoEs gameplay is.

The more severe problem is that the game is designed to keep you around for as long as possible. This shows up in various ways.

Content gated by trivial grind and not challenge: The end-game consists mostly of trying to get maps to drop so that you do not have to run content that is too trivial for your char. The highest tier maps are designed not to be sustainable so you will have to grind trivial content to get them. There are also unique maps, but some of them are so rare that you maybe see one in, say, a thousand hours. Yes, literarly thousand. There are also many special encounters that take a similar amount of time to get to. You can trade for them, but that just means someone else has done the grind for you.

Item progression is very random: Most of the gear you find is worthless and not worth identifying. Loot also drops in spades. You basically can't play this game without a loot filter since you won't have any free space on the screen otherwise. Yet, despite the appaling amount of crappy loot, there is always the miniscule chance that you might find something usable, so you end up identifying the various "rare"-items anyways. This turns into a massive chore.

There is no basic currency and instead you use orbs. Orbs can be used for crafting, so they have an intrinsic value. However, pretty much all crafting is just randomly re-rolling items. You might get something great, but mostly you just lose the orbs. Linking sockets in gear, which is crucially important, has a similar mechanic. Luckily you can bypass it by using recipies. However, you only want to use the 6-link recipie and that costs 1500 fusing orbs. The fastest, non-trade, way to get them is by running low-tier content extremely fast, which, of course, is super boring. But, if you get lucky, you might get the 6-link in just one fuse.

Special encounters can drop special uniques and items, but they are also tied to rng. You might use the 1000 hours to get a Chayla breachstone and then get effectively no reward for it. Or, if you are lucky, you might hit gold and be, oh, so very happy. It won't las long, however, since there is always something more to be had and hoped for. 

Every now and then, the game rewards you, so you keep on looking and hoping. However, the road is a long one and often loops back around. It is all designed to keep you going for as long as possible and it does that by resorting to skinner-box mechanics and gambling. Which brings us to... 

Gambing boxes: GGG was a small company that had a strong vision. They should be commended for that. However, GGG has recently been bought out by Tencent and they are no indie developer anymore. With this in mind, there is really no excuse for the fact that they have gambing boxes in the game.

So, the gameplay is a mess, but you keep at it because maybe you will get lucky and... well, what exactly? Achieve goals set out by the game itself that you achieve by mindless grinding and luck? So that you can achive further such goals?

If you look at the amount of hours people have poured into this game, you can see how truly dangerous it can be. Even after all this, I still feel like I should play it some more. Even though I know, I really should not.
First off let me say that I love this game. It is without doubt my most favourite of all my digital obsessions. I love the complexity and the re-playability, it has no rivals and that comes from a Diablo 2 freak. I have played POE since the beginning and I am an avid supporter of every league.

BUT....i'm very sad to say that i'm close to quitting. The amount of crashes or 'unexpected disconnections' are quite frankly ridiculous. I have spent hours and I mean HOURS pouring over forums, changing settings, drivers, task priorities, balancing a banana on my head and anything else in the vain hope that it might work. I have played it on multiple machines and still have the same issues.

As I said i've put up with it for so long because of my love for the game and GGG as a company but they aren't the same small indie NZ games company that they were, there is a lot of money in this game now and this really needs to have been sorted, so until then it pains me to do it but i'm not going to recommend this game to anyone.


I lose connection between loading screens during game play over 75% of the time.  Just logging in to a gateway takes me several attempts before I can begin to play.  This has been an ongoing issue for the last couple of years.  My gateway proximity is Washington D.C. and I'm in the New England area.  I may have to abandon game play.

Game play is great
Connection gateways not great
A lot of people like this game, and its not a bad game, but its just not my type of game, i wanted to experience the open building style of the classes you can play, but at the end of the day i dont really like point and click rpg style games i prefer wasd style movement, i dont really like that every skill is op and everything just 1 shots trash mobs and you kill end game bosses in less then 10 seconds... and i dont like that this is an mmo but its only that way in towns sort of like the original guild wars, i prefer totally open world where you can run into anyone at any time. I dont really like that the movement and combat style of this game does not lend to engaging pve or pvp, i prefer pvp that has alot of spells to wisely play where you are holding on to some cooldowns for the right moments and trying to counter other peoples cooldowns with your control moves and interupts. I understand why its so fast to level but at the same time i just dont like the idea that leveling isnt large lore filled cinematic experience that gets you connected to the characters and pulls you in and gets you invested in the universe. At the end of the day the game feels small and seems entirely focused on theory crafting and trying out the infinite builds possible while farming the same dungeons over and over on different difficulties with different modifiers to farm currency that you are eventually just going to gamble away with no luck and then get one shotted in hc and get pissed off because now your precious character is in so called P*ssyCore because playing Hardcore is some e-peen measuring contest and then at the end of a league you just migrate all your characters because the game is pointless and you're never going to play those old characters again and the game has nothing to keep you invested as a game except the overwhelming amount of time and money spent (on micro transactions and stash tabs because ggg gives you next to none and makes all the gear look like doodoo), and satisfying your gambling addiction, and being the only game that theory crafting and min-maxing is actually required. I just dont get why people are so commited to the game, all the things that make an rpg worth while are removed from the game. If im going to sit down and say this is the game im going to play and im going to play it constanlty and stick with it for years... how can i sit and farm maps and ubers all day every day indefinately and thats it... thats all there is.... playing through cruel and merc is ok atleast its harder... but at the end of the day its the exact same game, the exact same quests that you have done over and over and over... i dont see the appeal... and overall i dont see the point...
GRINDING GEAR GAMES

GRINDING

grinding

While the game has one of the best free to play models and is probably the best ARPG on the market out there right now, the game has huge balancing issues. Melee hasn't been great since 2013. The market rewards people who can play the game obsessively as there is no auction house, therefore, trading is a nightmare. Crafting in this game is gambling, cosmetics are far too expensive.

If you're poor and can't afford any games than all you need is this and warframe.
The game is pretty fun and enjoyable, but it crashes so much.
I know this is not only me, i see a lot of posts in Reddit saying it crashes alot aswell.
Please fix and i will do a thumbs up!
Have a good day. 
:)
Play this if you like getting 1-shotted even with a heavily defense-oriented build.

The game is right on the cusp of being good, but balance and polish issues hold it back. For the most part it is pathetically easy. I run through maps easily annihilating everything in my path. A few mindless mouse clicks wipe out entire mobs of basic enemies. Sometimes a stronger monster takes a few extra seconds to kill. My life bar never visibly moves. After 20 minutes of this I start getting careless, running into the middle of packs of enemies and just tanking everything because there hasn't been any reason not to. My life bar still doesn't move. Then, all of the sudden, on some pack of enemies that looks exactly like all the rest, I instantly go from full life to dead. What happened? Who knows. This is the gameplay. 

The game needs a serious rebalancing. You can invest 85% of your points into defensive skills and you'll still easily kill everything and still die in one hit all the time. This is the laziest way of adding difficulty to a game, and it quickly became tiresome to me. This is the reason I quit the game. Call it salt or tears, but instantly dying and having no idea why isn't fun to me, especially when the game is so boringly easy outside of that.

Moving on, the gameplay feels a little stilted. There are probably hundreds of enemy types, but they barely have AI and they all feel the same. The combat just doesn't feel satisfying for some reason -- hitting an enemy feels empty, whether it is with a melee attack or a spell. The controls aren't always responsive. I found I got in the habit of jamming a key repeatedly whenever I wanted to do something, because otherwise it might not happen.

The game is quite complex with lots to do and learn. Don't expect it to explain anything, you will need to use the wiki or ask other players.

Overall I logged 130 hours before I decided to uninstall. Not bad for a free game, but it didn't make me want to spend any money on it, and I doubt I will return unless they make some substantial tweaks. It's worth giving a try if you like Diablo type games.


This is a decent all around grinder for the short term, but it has one fatal flaw. Regressive updates that harm previous player builds, skills, ect. These changes can completely cripple players built around the changed mechanics and really harms the long term enjoyment of the game, given players will likely spend a excessive ammount of time making their desired build knowing that sudden core mechanic changes can cripple it at a moment is a hard pill to swallow.

While I dont recommend the game due to this issue, Its by no means a bad game. Piss poor story/lore, but a mob slaughterer and one of the few paragon trees left in gaming. You will enjoy the high degree of character customization potential up till the above issue hits you.
Good game, great idea, but really bad support.
My account has been hacked and now I can't access it anymore. I tried to unlock it, but  the support has longer response times than one week. Unfortunately this totally destroys my game feeling =(
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
"an unexpected disconnection occurred"
This game should be good, and it's fun for a while. But eventually you get to the point where you just never, ever know what just killed you. In every zone, every boss fight, there's some invisible thing that can just kill you instantly and you never know what it is. And of course every death forces you to grind for another 30 - 120 minutes to make up the lost exp. I don't quite know why, but it's just not worth investing your time grinding in this game when you know you'll eventually hit that wall where every single boss fight has a "wait, what the hell just killed me?" moment.
this game is good fundamentally,
the unique skill and ability system is very interesting and diverse, there are many builds to choose from and make your own
the item and currency system is a very interesting attempt in this genre 
and the continued effort to add more content give it that much more 

HOWEVER,  the way this game is presented to us is flawed
being online only to prevent cheating adds lots of lags and disconnection issues to this game, i have given up on this game once before due to this particular reason , and as i am writing this review, i am on the second time i give up on this game due to this issue
i don't mind bit of grinding, or the overly expensive features that's real useful in game, this is a free to play game after all, they need to make money, that i understand
but the gaming experience is another thing, no amount of this being free to play game will ever get over POOR gaming experience, especially during the times when you really want to relax and play some game, like in the afternoon or weekends where there is most amount of lag and sudden disconnections
It generally takes 200 - 500 hours for one to fully understand the game mechanism and able to build up a character that can sustain until the endgame. And on some fine days the dev team will nerf it purely out of fun without any sound reason or justification. Such nerf happens every 3 - 6 months, and widely affecting different builds.
By doing this, they chase away the core fan base, and relying on Youtubers to lure more new players, who are mostly immature teens or young adults, being too lazy to learn how to build the character and take on the shortcut which is real-money trading, which ultimately causes the crazy inflation especially in Standard league.
Stay away from this game, unless u enjoy all your hard work and enjoyment got ruined in a week time due to the unjustifiable decisions to nerf on your characters.
Atlasprogress (endgamemap) resets every 3 months now. The game seriously lacks a permanent league, while it pretends to have one (standard).
Spent quite some money on stashes before I relised it's pointless, since they seem to have an obsession with reseting your progress, even if you don't play in their 3 month League system.
If you don't have time to play through the whole game in 3 months you'll never finish the endgame map.

Let me phrase it in a positive way: If you like your sandcastle being kicked in over and over and are very happy to rebuild it afterwards, this may be your game. ;)
This game is probably the worst I've ever played. The controls are crap, the FOV is crap. The enemies are extremely difficult to see because they blend in with most objects which is crap. So most times you don't get to see what's attacking you. The only upside I could find to this game is quite literally the fact that it is free.
Was pretty good when I initially played it. It's had constant updates, but also more push for microtransactions and loot boxes. I question if all this is necessary since Tencent picked up Grinding Gears. It's an "indie developer" yet this is a live-service game that really doesn't need to be based online. With the thousand-dollar horror stories from players online to get some items, I don't feel like I can support this game positively. I know Activision is killing Diablo with greed, so how is this game alive? I'm fine with Grim Dawn instead.
After I found out Tencent is a Chinese company I'm uninstalling PoE.  I don't support Chinese companies or games associated with them.  "BUT BUT" Tencent is a private company.  Yes private company with ties to the Chinese Communist Party.  As of now I have 4.4k hours logged into this game.  I'm leaving only because of politics the game itself is a master piece in the genre these are my personal morals but I know some of you will feel the same and you deserve to know.  So if you don't care about supporting the Chinese Communist Party then its the best ARPG you can play.
this game is by far the shittiest thing I play, it constantly fluctuates between hd and pixellated trash, then there is the gameplay, 50%-75% of all attacks are misses even when you are first starting, even diablo 3 which is better than this game ever bloody well will be has better hit rates then this filthy crap covered piece of garbage that grinding gear games calls a game....damn if I was an investor I would have demanded my money back the first day after release

THIS GAME IS HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED
If youre used to more polished games, stay away from this. it's jaggy, laggy, fps goes only to 60. no dx12 support. just feels cheap and rushed, but considering how many years this game has under its belt, just dont bother...
