Day 1 of the hunt: I left my log cabin with a sniper rifle and 10 bullets. I tracked a deer for 372 miles, and yet I can not find him

Day 2 of the hunt: I saw the deer. I named him Willy. I can never seem to get a good aim at Willy because he never stops moving. Ever.

Day 3 of the hunt: I have been tracking willy for over 900 miles now, and yet he shows no faults in his actions.

Day 374930223932 of the hunt: WILLY WILL DIE. I WILL KILL HIM. I WILL FEAST ON HIS FLESH.

Day 44359803849539583290485039285039458309512903125102 of the hunt: FINALLY. I AM RIGHT BEHIND WILLY, MY SCOPE POINTED AT THE BACK OF HIS HEAD. THIS WILL END NOW. AS I BEGIN TO PULL THE TRIGGER stop, you have attempted to kill a white tailed deer. you do not have a licencse to hunt this animal. you are not permited to kill it.

Day 928488349894823942903509825092840958092834095725928509280928359823095823095820985092850948235947360720967357637563908650927609576872094976072906730976093760972697096702976027602967934709376093760 of the hunt: I am alone in my cabin. I now know the truth. Willy will never die. Willy cannot die. And untill Willy dies, I cannot die. 

Day 27598275981982748237412748127489123749812734982734982153451265819658736458713658197456983756948756187456978345671836578146871345691347519378456783651987568745198756198576187345697834651785678916947856178569178651378561987651987561983756934857618379456837456917384567834561837456378643786153785693638475671935 of the hunt: Willy taunts me. He danses around my cabin. No matter how hard I try I cannot kill Willy. This is it. This is my hell. This is: The Hunter
*Just scroll down to the lower half of my review if you want proper Pros and Cons instead of a story*

This game caught me off guard. I was bored one day, hopping from store page to store page of F2P games. All of them seeming like the same cash-grab garbage. So I stumble upon this game with it's Mostly Negative rating and assumed it was another cash-grab that needed to be purged.

I downloaded it because I had been angered by the sheer amount of F2P cash grabs and decided I should throw a negative review at one of them.

So I played this game for a bit. I enjoyed the game-play quite a bit actually, perhaps the only good hunting sim out there at the moment. Played without paying any money for a little over a week and was ready to post a nice little negative review. However, I noticed people that posted positive reviews did not seem like blind fan-boys trying to avoid regretting the money they put into the game.

Noticed the monthly subscription fee was among the smallest I had ever seen ($3.33 per month) and there are 3 Starter packs of different prices that offer some items along with a few months of membership. So I decided "F*** it" and bought the Wayfarer Starter Pack.

I eventually came to the conclusion that this game is pretty damn good with a low price. If you want to play this game without spending a dime then run fast and run far.

The nice little "Free-to-Play" label next to Play Game isn't quite true. It should say "$14.99 | Add to Cart" and have "Download Demo" off to the side. 


So for the game:

PROS:

+ Slowpaced relaxing game-play.

+ Many species of animal that require different methods to hunt. (Many share different styles while some are unique)

+ Rather low-entry fee compared to other "Free-To-Play" games.

+ Decent community. Only encountered one troll in multiplayer who was quickly banned by the admin.

+ There is an in-game currency earned by completing missions which can be used to buy consumables and temporary licenses for non-members.

+ Still supported and updated by the developers. The developers have also relaxed some of the restrictions for non-members, such as adding a free animal rotation and making all the reserves free.

+ An actual hunting simulator with tracking, flushing, etc. Instead of those low-budget shooting galleries that are on store shelves.

+ A huge variety of equipment to allow constant play-ability and variation.

+ Low cost membership grants access to all animals to hunt. You start with a 12 Gauge shotgun which can be used to hunt every animal except for Bison.

+ There is a wonderful satisfaction in going for a group hunt then taking a group selfies in front of the kill.

+ Nice sound design.

+ Looks decent without causing FPS drops on my potato rig.

+ Servers are stable most of the time.


CONS:

- All equipment cost real money.

- The "Earn EMS" system to gain money via methods other than directly paying does not work at all. I've taken enough surveys to earn over $100 in in-game currency and haven't received a dime.

- Some animals are clearly added just to sell specific equipment. Bison require high-powered rifles, Black Bears are so skittish you almost always need a bait barrel and you cannot hunt ducks without buying a plethora of equipment to the point it feels like you purchased the "Duck Hunting" DLC. I personally haven't delved into most of the equipment yet so I cannot say if they're worth it or not yet.

- Slow-paced gameplay is not for everyone.


So far I have spent $60 on this game. 15 of which went into the Wayfarer starter pack.


Overall I recommend this game IF you are willing to put some money in it. If you're open to putting money in it I recommend getting it for free and seeing if it is for you. If you are adamant about not spending a dime then stay away.
I play this because it's the only hunting game that works on linux that I've found through Steam Play. The new version crashes on my Ubuntu. I waited until my trial expired before writing this. 

The game company uses micro-transactions called em$ but starts you off with some gear (there's also earned gm$ but it's passive and limits purchasing scope). There's not a floating reticle, and by pressing Q then X you can move forward and pivot your head for 180 degrees. I tracked a deer - indicators are a bit more garish than I'd like, appearing as red arches above the ground where you use your equipped GPS/tracking device to analyze the more subtley glowing track marks. Animal calls are also geo-located. Shot the deer, where I discovered I could  have it mounted.

Then I spent $5 for a bow and went to a different part of the range where I found myself tracking a grizzly gear. It saw me and gave chase. I launched the arrow in its face as it jumped at me to strike (Learned later, from a water buffalo, that you could get hurt). Missed the opportunity to mount the charging grizzly so I purchased a lodge, a long range rifle and scope for it. Aiming is weird with it. Aiming is clunky, in general, but I think that's also part of a gun's skill increase.

I bought a lodge, a powerful rifle and a scope to go on it, then went for some moose and deer. You can pose the animals after mounting them.

Having paid only $15 so far, I'm only considering spending more on the extra capacity perk ($5) as well as a handgun. I can hunt 5 animal types, 2 of which rotate weekly. When I want to hunt more varieties, I can use accumulated gm$, if I get enough, to hunt a particular species but more than likely I'm going to get a Steam DLC because where I am the discount is worth it.
This game IS free to play sure if your not paying for membership you can't "legally" shoot most things but the game wont penalise or dock you for it it will send you a message in the launcher saying you weren't allowed to and it wont record the kill on your record. guns are hard to come by for free ill admit. but the challenges that they have can award them! as for the license issue of needing one to shoot various animals the free licenses rotate weekly almost like league of legends free char pool. and honestly if you do decide to pay its not super expensive. i mean if your buying a ton of guns its not cheap but they have sales every week on different things so. if you have patience its not bad. the game itself is not for those who want to load up shoot 30 things within 10 minutes and leave. its fairly true to life in the amount of time it can take.. and there is a wind and scent mechanic as well as a sound mechanic so if your being too loud in game youll be heard and your prey will likely run. if you are walking at them from the wrong way you will be scented and your prey will likely run. unless its a grizzly..... grizzly dont care.. inventory space is a bit small. it makes you pick and choose what items based on weight. there are purchasable upgrades for the inventory but ive done just fine without them. all in all its a good game for CERTAIN TYPES of players. its not for everyone nothing ever is. you start with 3 free days premium membership to be able to get your hunter score up and try out the perks! its not a perfect game but for someone who wants the experience of hunting i mean REALLY hunting without leaving their house this game is for them NOT all you fps players getting mad cause *i cant kill everything i see* or *its not fast paced enough*
Excellent hunting ''simulator'; none is there to match its real approach towards hunting.  What one feels lacking is the weak animal population in many jungles.   Even rabbits and turkeys ask your patience and repeated efforts to be traced.  Yes, it is hunting but why jungles are so lightly populated!
A disgustingly bad business model on an otherwise fantastic game..

**UPDATE!!** 

I just wanted to say that I recently gave the game another go and apparently they've added a free rotation to what kinds of animals you can hunt, kind of like different FTP games like League of Legends have a free character rotation that cycles week to week on what you're allowed to use, or in this case hunt. THIS IS A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION! It certainly does not turn the game completely around, but it's a start. I'll give credit where credit is due, but the problems that were always there still remain. The problem with this free rotation is that.. if your basic free ammo or gun can't hunt that specie.. then it's pretty much useless to you. You still have to buy the correct gun and the correct ammo to be allowed to hunt it. I'm not going to change any of my review beyond this part here, as I believe it's important to maintain records like this. Some info may be slightly out of date, however. Just keep that in mind.

OLD REVIEW:

It's such a shame when you come across a fantastic game that's ruined by one of the worst payment models in any game you've ever seen. TheHunter is one of those games. What can you do for free, you ask? Well, you can hunt Mule Deer. That's it. That's all you can do. Shoot Mule Deer with one gun, one type of ammo. The default stuff you start with is all you get. It says you can also hunt Cottontail Rabbits, ah but the catch is you need to buy the correct gun to use in order to be allowed to hunt it. So, Rabbits aren't even free either.

Can you earn enough to eventually buy another gun? Only one other gun is available for purchase using the game's earned currency (called gm$). Every other gun must be bought using real world money (called em$). And that's not all.

Want the privilege to be able to hunt something else? You need to buy licenses. Doesn't sound so bad, does it? Well, they come in 1 day, 7 day, and 28 day variants. Yup, that's right. They expire. So you have to buy them multiple times to continue hunting what you want. Buy a 1 day license but then get called in to work? Congrats! You've just wasted your money! You CAN buy these with gm$, but the costs are so high that you'll be farming Mule Deer for weeks in order to finally be able to experience something else.

Oh but hold on. It's not like each kill you make earns you gm$. Hah! You wish! Nope. The only way to earn gm$ is to complete "missions" which range from tracking certain animals, spotting certain animals, and harvesting certain animals, among other similar tasks. Doesn't sound so bad, does it? Well, they typically reward only 100 gm$ for each mission, and your shotgun costs 6300 gm$, a typical 1 day license costs anywhere between 1800 - 2400 gm$. For ONE DAY, for ONE SPECIE. Let that sink in.

Would I recommend this game? Based on its business model at the time of writing? NO WAY. Stay FAR away from this cash-grab game, unless you enjoy having them grab at your pockets the moment you try their game.

Also, NEVER EVER EVER DO ANY OF THE 3RD PARTY STUFF THEY ASK YOU TO DO. You can do things like surveys, downloads, watch videos, etc. to earn some em$ (that's right, paid currency). But most of these third party "offers" infect your computer with all sorts of malware, and most of them don't end up forking over the em$ at the end. You'll be turned away from most surveys because you "aren't the target consumer". For instance, when I answered that I was a white male on a survey, I was immediately declined and turned away, reward not given.

If the payment model is improved? I would recommend this game in a heartbeat. It's fun to play, all the shady practices considered. I just wish they had gone about their payment model better than this garbage. Oh well, someone else will come along and do it right eventually.
Please read this if you are thinking about it!

This game has potential But there's a Catch! (there is always a catch)


 Its Free to play, Yes
You cannot shoot animals that are RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU if you dont have a License to kill them.

EM$ = You use real money for
GM$ =  you earn with missions etc


I have played 74.4 Hours and in that time I have earned "1721 GM$" sounds like a Lot, What can I get for 1721 GM$?
1799 GM$ gets me 1 day of Turkey License!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

7 days = 3799 GM$

28 days cost 7599$

If you use real money
1 day = 45 EM$
7 days =95EM$
28 days = 190 EM$

£3.99 gets to 500 EM$ which is such a stronger currency by a stupid amount, So stupid that when my 3months expired and I checked out the prices, It wont even let me host a game because My subs ran out, But ive spent around £100 on items on this game,

The items you PAY real money for ALSO have a durability, So that Premium item you bought gets deleted when you use it enough times, Oh right ok, Its a good game, But its a game they want you to get your money out so you can unlock the dam game thats "FREEE TO PLAY" other wise its just a Forest walk simulator, 

p.s Doc ALways messages you if you dont collect an animal that ran 342434 miles away to die.

So over £100 spent on in game items and now I need to pay to unlock them again. 

ONLY HOST CAN USE ITEMS! So i cant use my ducks and canadian goose set up with my mates now unless I pay, Wrong wrong wrong

Dont regret wasting your money on this game like I have guys, Let me set an example for you.

Thanks if you made it this far!
Hello everybody,

I play this game since nearly the beginning, have seen the initial developer go bankrupt and the new developer take over. I have seen month with nothing happening in terms of developments and I have seen the last few month after multiplayer was released with new stuff released every few weeks.

If you love hunting simulations, theHunter for sure is the game you want. It's way more realistic then Cabela's games, it has pretty nice graphics and huge different hunting locations with many, many animals to hunt. Every species feels special and there has not been a really good hunting simulation since Deer Hunter 2005.

- Pricing - 
The downside: You need to invest a whole lot of money. To really enjoy the game you need a membership for about 5$ a month. No membership and you can only hunt very few species, need to buy ammo for all but the default rifle and can't create multiplayer games. Sure you can stick with some basic guns, but to take part in competitions and finish missions you need a whole lot of different guns. Each between 3 and 5$. Not to forget, there are tree stands, ground blinds and tents you would like to use sooner or later because there are very few fixed hunting towers on the maps and... yes, each of these items is another 4,50$ from your wallet.

Just a few numbers for you:
All weapons with scopes (not caluclation different skins or "premium" skins)
more then 150$

All callers (no decoys, no consumables like scents):
about 20$

Decoys for one full area for each species:
about 30$

Clothing depends on what you want, so I don't add a number to this, but each clothing set is about 5$... and you guess it: Some work better in different areas or against different species.

Stands and tents... lets say two of each for each reserve, you place them permanently, you don't want to pick them up after each hunt, so you can't really use the same two everywhere.
more then 200$

Sure, you are free to choose if you want this items, but to get everything out of the game you want this stuff. And more, every few weeks there is a new weapon, new cool cloth and your membership runs out every now and then. 

- Earn ingame money -
There are ways to earn ingame money: Win competitions, but without spending money you can only take part in very few competitions and so the chance is low (and the prize money gets you nowhere). The developers also have partnered with third-party pages who offer you some money for playing other online games, taking part in surveys or downloading and using different applications. The results are spam on your email address, malware and a lot of these offers simply don't reward you.

There is a different ingame currency you earn completing missions, but you can only use this "money" on consumables and you need a good bunch of weapons to finish most missions, so again: No way without spending money. There is no way to grind the gear inside the game.

Without spending money you stick with the .243 for the free Mule Deer and you can unlock the Single Shot Shotgun to hunt Cottontail Rabbits, but you need to buy the ammo for it. That works with earned money for some time, but sooner or later you will run out of missions to do without buying weapons or a membership for real money.

- Bugs -
The game is full of bugs. I personally can't say there are gamebreakers, but animals getting stuck in trees, climbing trees, nearly all weapons stuck into your arm and broken reloading animations and other smaller and bigger bugs are around since a long time and often they return after a few patches. Gamebreaking bugs get fixed pretty fast but smaller bugs are often not relevant enough (and the fixes can't be sold like new weapons or cloth) so we will for sure see this bugs for some more time.

- Community -
Just have to add it now, after multiple insults from fanboys. This game has a small die hard community that are happy to have this game, due it's the only one of it's kind. This makes them accept and defend every action the developers take. Since this review I often got friend requests from some of these guys that have nothing better to do then to tell me I'm a hypocrit to play this game a lot and not remommending it in my review. That's what you get from the community if you are not a 100% fan and don't think it's okay to pay a small fortune for this game.

- Conclusion -
As said, I'm into this game since years, I love it and I will keep playing it, but since about a year this game is all about money and everything ingame is pretty expensive. 
Like with this the pre-release review postet on Steam, my personal experience showed me, that the developers break promises and contracts, lie in some cases, solve things always to their best and only communicate public what makes them look good.

- Tipp for beginners -
If you enjoyed the small free part, go to bit.ly/1oEMUr0 or google for "theHunter 2014 box" and purchase a key from the boxed edition of the game. For about 17 € you get 6 month membership (hunt all species, get free ammo for all guns) some starter weapons that allow you to hunt all species ethically and some additional gear. It's the best deal you can currently get as a beginner. This box is also available at Amazon and some other retailers if you want the box itself.

- Update after some actions taken -
Today the developers release a new .22 handgun and to make the game more realistic, changed the existing and wide spread .357 handgun and made it unethical for some species. What might be realistic is clearly forcing players to buy the new gun for about 4$.

Changing already sold virtual items might be common but this change make this weapon pretty useless. Why? Because a lot of players have it. It's not a good weapon against larger animals and was pretty often used against birds, now the only animals it's good for are fox and coyote.

The new reserve released some time ago included the new "feature" of climbing walls... what simply is a bad mini game and asks you to buy a new consumable: Climbing gear. Some would argue that it's purchaseable with gm$ and you can take 75% back if you remove it, but it's again something that will eat up the earned gm$ from free players and make this game harder to play for free (besides, it's a shitty mechanic that has nothing to do with hunting).
You can only shoot 1 of the 18 animals for free. [u]Solution: pay for hunter licenses.[/u]
You can only shoot deer, fox and coyote with the free gun. [u]Solution: pay for more guns.[/u]
You want to play with friends in multiplayer. [u]Solution: pay a sub so that your computer and your internet can be used to setup a server.[/u]
You don't get the carry capacity to do even semi-long hunts. [u]Solution: pay for extra carry capacity.[/u]
You payed for extra carry capacity but you still don't have the carry capacity to do awesome long hunts whole day long. [u]Solution: NONE!!![/u]
You can travel free on maps from lodges but on all maps this is very time consuming with how they were layed out by the developers. [u]Solution: pay for tents and camping equipment.[/u]
You don't get free ammo for 32 of 33 weapons in the game. [u]Solution: keep paying money for new ammo (hardcore simulator?) or buy a membership.[/u]
You don't like your clothes or the fact animals can see you from miles away because there is no telling which bush actually gives you cover or not. [u]Solution: Pay for clothing items.[/u]
You're tired of stalking animals for hours before you get a shot at them. [u]Solution: Pay for callers, decoys, ground stands, tree stands, tripods, scent lures, feeders, bait.[/u]

I'm surprised the developers don't ask money for every footstep you take into the game.
If you buy the $15 starter pack, you will be missing tons of guns and all other equipment that are simply needed to enjoy the game. But even if you spend $50 on the biggest starter pack, you still miss many equipment to hunt half the animals in the game and the weapon selection in the biggest package is rather sad (I wouldn't dare to say it was done deliberately to lure you into buying the more fun/better weapons later seperately wasting all the money you gave in the first place on guns that will be gathering dust).


This is the best executed hunter game ever if money grows on your back. We're talking at least €200 here to start enjoying [b]most of[/b] the full game. If you really want to hunt in luxury (it's a game, who wouldn't want to?) you'll start looking at a lot more money than that.
The game is easily 8/10. The amount of money you have to throw at the game to actually get to that 8/10 makes it a 1/10 at best.

My library hopefully shows I'm not one to be afraid to spend money on games. But these guys brought it to a level that I have never seen before. Congratulations on surpassing Korean MMO's EW.



Addendum: [u]subscription[/u]

And what are people paying subscription for?
Retextured or new weapons? Because you have to pay to get those.
New animals? Because you have to buy licenses to hunt those.
New equipment for the new animals? Nope not that either because you have to pay for all the new callers and feeders and stands.
Multiplayer? Well they did add MP afterwards but it can't be it since an MP game is hosted on our computer with our internet connection. And they didn't spend any effort on making a standalone server or adding any useful filters in the client browser to warrent anything special. That is if you are lucky enough the client browser is working without big lag and there are none of the many connection and disconnection issues.
New clothing? Again these cost money.
New maps? Well it must be maps then since there isn't anything else. So we're paying €35/year for the 4maps? they added in the last 5years. Those are some damn expensive maps!

We're not paying for continued development of the engine either.
- View distance of 210m for weapons that can make accurate shots of 500m.
- Trees that are literally square with highest ingame settings and the leafs are just flat green 'sheets'.
- Game settings can only be adjusted outside of the game.
- A fox and pheasant can just walk next to eachother because it's a fairytale land where all animals are big friends.
- Mouse often feels laggy/jaggy however you want to call it. Many people have these small FPS drop problems and support just ignores it all.
- The surface has the most annoying edges which makes it very awkward to crawl up to an animal and finding an angle where your gun gets enough depression.
- Floating rocks, plants and trees everywhere you look on the map.
I can go on further with a list of technical stupidities that were allready old tech 5years ago.
Holy money hungry game.  Everything except deer (a certain type of deer) is locked behind pay walls.  I'm not talking about low pay walls, I'm talking about high pay walls.

I just about bought the 3 month membership for all licenses because I thought.. Why not, looks like it could be fun.  But then I went to the store to check out the guns and stuff I could buy.  Well EVERY SINGLE GUN costs EM which is bought with REAL dollars.  There is no way at all for you to buy these guns unless you open your wallet.  Basic guns cost 5 dollars each and better ones well over 10.

I don't mind the freemium models and actually spend a lot of cash on them lol.  But I have NEVER seen a game that is so blatently money grabbing as this one.  It is absolutely astounding how much  money they want you to pay to have access to the full game.  You could spend 100's on 100's of dollars and still not have unlocked all the content (and its not because there is a ton of content..).  Plus no matter how much you play you will not be able to unlock it without using a ton of REAL money.

This game should be removed from Free to play because all it does is give you a VERY limited demo (I didn't have a license to shoot the anmal I found in the starter area) and then want money to do anything.

Dev's like these should be BANNED from steam. 


How dare anyone call this product Free To Play [F2P]? The free content in the game is limited to one kind of animal, one map and default equipment. It is worse than a demo, or even a trial. Everything in this game is available after paying, constantly paying. Forget about "I paid once, I will have it all forever". Pay and play, pay and play.

I wrote this review nearly a year ago. I just got in to the game, to see if anything changed, but nope. Hermetic and toxic community of theHunter, still does not know what Free To Play is, and call this neither demo, nor trial a Free To Play game, blaming everyone but the developers, for the reviews, and everything else. 

I do not recommend.

/Update.

With 27.01.2016 update whitetail deer and pheasants are now free to hunt, while mule deer that was available, is no longer free. They gave us a whitetail deer, but took a mule deer, so just ignore that part. Pheasants are new, and on top of that 12 ga single shot shotgun, with replenishable ammo. 

Still far from calling this game FREE TO PLAY, but that is a step in the right direction.

/Update 2.

You can earn em$, but beware, most of these offers are a SCAM, they either ask you to provide cell phone number, then ask you send a text message, and type in the number you received. It costs $, you do not earn anything, you pay for it. Sometimes you will albo be asked to put in all your details, as well as, credit card details. Do not ever do it.
EDIT: People are actually defending this? Compare the amount of free content to the amount of content you have to pay for. It's unacceptable to make me pay money to access that much content in a free to play game.

It costs nothing to download, but I feel entitled to a refund.

First of all, there was no tutorial for this. I was just thrown in, and expected to know how to hunt. I wandered aimlessly for a while, until I found some tracks. I followed them, and found some more tracks and some scat. There was so much scat, that I began to wonder if this animal was sick. I followed the trail for about one in game hour unril I saw it: a whitetail deer. Living in an area with a lot of rednecks, I was excited. Apparently deer are something you should want to hunt. I readied my rifle, and clicked the fire button. Nothing. Was the left mouse button not the fire button? The right mouse button readied the gun, so I figured the left would fire. Then a message popped up: "You don't have the required license to hunt whitetail deer". What? I just spent almost forty real minutes tracking this thing down, only to not be allowed to shoot it. This is a video game! I shouldn't need to buy licenses to hunt animals! And, since this was my first time playing, wouldn't it be nice to give me some licenses for free, so I can get a feel for the game before investing money in it (it's free to play, so I shouldn't have to pay to play it)! I quit the game, went to the store, and looked up how much licenses cost, only to see something that really pissed me off. The licenses are temporary! Are you fucking shitting me!?

If you don't buy the licenses, this is just "Hiking Simulator". I live in an area full of hiking trails. I can literally drive five minutes, and find a hiking trail. I do not have a gun, hunting equipment, or hunting licenses. I played this so I could hunt. After playing this, I might as well just get all of those things, because it would be something I could make memories out of, actually go outside, and do with my friends.

Valve, I am begging you, set standards for what can and cannot be free to play. I am asking that either this game be removed from Steam, or you make the developers add free content. I am not going to pay to play a game that is listed as "free to play". I will pay for extras, but only if the game is good.

EDIT: Okay, so apparently I didn't notice that there is a tutorial. You people can stop commenting on it.

Some people are saying "well, it's a simulator". Simulators don't have to be one hundred percent realistic. The buying lisences part did not have to be in it, and made the "realism" (it's just a excuse to have microtransactions) too much.
Just charge a flat fee for the damn game and stop this bait people in and charge a bunch of fees for everything in the game stupidity. Pay to play = FAIL and the feedback for this crappy game tells that story a million times over.

This game is a joke. Take it and shove it.
Hey you want to shoot that? Pay me a money!... Hey you want that gun?.... Pay me money!... Hey you need some bullets?... Pay me some money!... You need that license? Pay me some money!... But hey.. it's okay you can log in for free!
Sees a rabbit, shoots at it "you need a license to hunt that"
Sees a bear, shoots at it "you need a license to hunt that"
Sees a tree, shoots at it "you also need a licence for that, that and that.....oh, hold on, you need a licence for life to, whats your credit card number?"

the only thing you dont need a license for is the uninstall button.

10/10
So after reading all the negatives review about pay to win, pay to play. and Reading the positive reading saying that I should ignore those people. Here my honest review.

Steam should ban company who advertise "free to play" game if you cannot do everything that a premium user can do.
The game let you earn gm$ by completing missions, and this currency cannot be converted in em$ which is a purchasable currency only.

What they don't tell you is that after having fun doing the first missions, you need specific guns to advance, to earn gm$. I though yes, with the hard earned gm$ i can buy the gun I need to advance, then I can get more gm$.
In reality, all the guns you need are locked under em$, which is impossible to unlock with earned game currency.

So even if you buy a 1 year subscription, you still do not have access to all the weapons required either. the money you earn in game is only to buy some more basic ammunitions and that is. So if you are a player with a bad aim and miss your shot often, you will end up running out of bullet and unable to do the few left over missions that require you to shoot things with a specific weapon.

Not counting all the weapons you need to finish every mission plus the minimum 3 month subscription required to access the map, one would require to spend a minimum of 150 usd to be able to play every missions the game have to offer, and to end up with am useless currency since what you can buy is entirely limited.


This is not a free to play game, this is just a demo that taunt you to buy a ton of microtransaction to have fun.
This is not even remotly close to a good mmo. 

I want to say, the game is fun, with an interesting concept, and indeed one of the best hunting simulator I have played to date, and cannot even be compared to call of the wild counterpart as this one feel way too easy and arcadish.
But this game is crippled with fake smiles and butter under lies. Which justify all the negative review it got.
I am a fillipino, I work 40 hours per week to earn 130 usd per month, this game is asking me to spend 1 to 2 month of work to just play the fun part of it.
Otherwise you are stuck with the noob gun, in a limited map, with nearly nothign to shot as all the fun animals are locked under a paywall.

Terrible practice I do not agree with.
No wonder the forumscomplain about an increase amount of hackers, people want to play your game, but do not condome with your shady behavior.
If the subscription included all weapons to actually do all the missions, then I would agree, but this is not the case here. You have to buy both the sub, the weapons, and heck, the ammo and everything that can go with it.
3 Friends
Free game Yes!
Downloading
waiting
Downloading
waiting
Downloading done YES!
All start up the game
wait....
what
.... You need to buy a subscription to PLAY THE GAME WITH FRIENDS.

Dont call it a Free to Play with multiplayer if you need to pay to play!
To get any weapons and to be with any chance of actually finding something that can be killed you must pay a small subscription fee of £15.99 a year. After hours of searching I finally found a rabbit.  I tried to shoot it in the head only to be told that I am not permitted to kill it. I moved on and found a small bird. I tried to shoot it. The game crashed. 10/10
TheHunter is the only game I've ever found that actually provides a realistic hunting experience, and I cherish it for that. It's not only stunningly beautiful, but the gameplay is exciting enough that 17 hours went by for me in the blink of an eye. It's a well-balanced gameplay experience that leaves you feeling very relaxed and almost meditative as you follow animal tracks over grassy plains and through serene forests, but there's always a base level of tension and excitement in trying to make sure that you aren't seen or heard by your would-be trophy in your pursuit. It's a lovely, cathartic experience.

There's just one problem.

You cannot buy this game outright. Instead, you're forced to buy an expensive "hunter's license" that only allows you to play for a limited amount of time, and even then you need to buy additional weapons and licenses if you want to be a more effective hunter or hunt a wider range of animals. It advertises itself as free to play, but make no mistake - you will absolutely need to shell out money in order to fully enjoy theHunter, and the clock starts ticking the moment you pay.

You'd save money by actually going out and hunting real animals, because at least in that scenario your gun isn't going to be revoked after three months. As much as it hurts me to say, don't bother with this cash grab, if only because this toxic "temporary subscription" model shouldn't be encouraged in future games.
Want to start the game? Yes, you can
Want to shoot some animals? Pay us and you can
Want a new weapon? Pay us and you will have one
Want to do anything? Pay us a lot and you can do everything
Graphics are amazing, animals are the most realistic I've ever seen in a game.  There are so many different areas to hunt as well, and I'd really love to give this a thumbs up recommendation, but since it contains a monthly subscription fee I just can't, especially when it's advertised as 'free to play'.  It should be, 'It's free to walk around but if you want to hunt sucessfully, you'll have to pay up'.

For example, the most expensive starter pack, with lots of good gear, is $49.99.  Sounds good, about the price of an A list game but one catch - your 'premium' subscription, or license to hunt all animals, expires after a year.  If this wasn't such a money grab I'd give it a hearty thumbs up, but as it stands now, I can't.  If the Expansive Worlds changes this, I will edit my review accordingly.
*Installs game*

*Starts game*

*Sees deer*

*Left click*

*Must pay to get a license to kill a VIRTUAL DEER*

*Uninstalls game*

10/10 would be disappointed again
you need a license to hunt that!
You need a license to hunt that!
You Need A License To Hunt That!
YOU NEED A LICENSE TO HUNT THAT!
[b] YOU NEED A LICENSE TO HUNT THAT! [/b]
[h1] YOU NEED A LICENSE TO HUNT THAT! [/h1]

0/10, i need a license to hunt that.
Day 1: After a long while of walking, i find a deer and kill it, I needed a license to do that.
Day 2: I found a bird, i killed it. I needed a license to do that.
Day 3: i took a shit, i needed a license for that.
Day 4. I uninstalled. I didnt need a license for that.
Please note: this review is coming from a player that has played TheHunter Classic since the start of 2010.

As much as I've enjoyed this game over the 8 years of playing I don't reconmend this game.

This game is turning more and more into a Pay 2 Win game rather than pay to enjoy game.
Feels like they're just recycling items for you to re-buy again.
For example...
New dog out German Pointer lets you find the closest animal 200m out at max level (SUPER helpful in comps) without even finding tracks.
New English Hunting clothing now gives same stats as Doc outfit BUT with stats for Rabbit as well making the doc outfit obsolete to buy.
New 9.3x74R O/U Break Action Rifle is permitted shoot every animal except Coyotes and smaller game making all other rifles pretty obsolete.



TheHunter Classic needs to change their old pay model if it is to survive, their pay model for the game is scaring off more customers than it is attracting them. (that's the main problem here)
Playerbase on this game is slowly declining on a 30 day average player basis, just look at this: http://prntscr.com/k4okc6

TheHunter Classic is a game with expensive micro transactions + A SUB FEE on top of that.
TheHunter Call of the Wild is a one time pay with low cost DLC microtransactions.

TheHunter Call of the Wild is a much better deal for what you get with your money here's why...
For example in COTW a weapon pack for $3.99 USD you can get 3 dif weapons + about 8 re-skins included for free.
TheHunter Classic one weapon can range from $3.50 - $10 USD. (re-skins cost the same money too, not free) So you would be up for at least $40 USD OR MORE for that exact same deal in TheHunter Classic.

This is the main reason why I would recommend COTW over Classic as it stands now and have to give TheHunter Classic a thumbs down.
There's Free to play and then there's "Free to Play". If you want to play this with a friend (multiplayer) you'll need to buy a 3, 6 or 12 month membership. Price? 15 bucks for 3 month. 15 bucks that do not include any other items, just to be able to play online, with a friend. For 3 month. Obviously not recommended.
It's a pretty good hunting game for a short period. Then you realize how expensive it is to keep playing and now that your membership expired, you only have a few animals to hunt and you need to pay real cash to buy ammo for everything but the starter gun. So those fancy guns you bought are useless. 

I can deal with limiting the huntable animals, but holding purchased items for ransom is just rapacious.
If you've actually come to read these reviews before just downloading the game because its free, good on you. Dont be fooled, this game says "free to play" but is actually one of the most expensive games that exists. You have to pay to shoot animals, and if you dont pay, you can shoot like 2. You also have to pay for all the guns, all the maps, all the clothes, all the items, and everything else. The only things available to purchase with the free play ingame currency, are licenses to hunt other animals, but you need ALOT of money. One mission, say, tracking a deer, takes at least 15 mins, and at most (usually) 2-4 hours. This 2-4 hour mission, tediously tracking down a deer, making SURE that you never, ever lose it, and that you get all the tracking markers, will get you around 100-150 gm$. The first license available to purchase, is SEVEN THOUSAND. Thats 140-210 GODDAMN HOURS, to be able to kill ONE MORE ANIMAL, that you will most likely, NEVER SEE, and if you do have the grace and patience to track this animal for another 2-3 hours, killing it would be hard, and JUST LIKE KILLING EVERY OTHER ANIMAL. One last thing, you have a weight limit on what you can carry out of camp, and there are tons of different ammo types. If you bring ammo meant for a deer (that wasnt labeled as "Deer Bullets) and shoot ANYTHING else, it just does not count, at all. So you better be prepared to not find an animal, and not shoot it with the guns, license, and ammo that you dont have, all during time that would be better spent buying a real gun and shooting yourself in the testicles, all so that another human being never has the horrid chance to experience the "free" travesty that is, "The Hunter".   




11/10. 
Masterpiece.

Also, credit for this review goes to my good freind, Wolf_Hunt, please, add him on steam. ;)
I had a big long review written out but I quickly realized it's all the same shit that's been said in all these reviews. Fuck this game. Fuck this company.
You must pay to buy things, you need pass to walk properly, you need pass to breathe, you need pass for pause menu, you need pass for buying passes, you need pass for carrying a gun, you need pass for downloading this game, you need pass for peeing, you need pass for shitting, you need pass for reading this, you need pass for quit game button, you need pass for running the game, you need pass for shooting birds, you need pass for sounds, you need pass for music, you need pass for buying coins, YOU NEED PASS FOR UNINSTALLING THE GAME.

well I don't recommend but you still have to buy a pass for liking this review :P
Even the developer answered us :)
I have no idea if the game is even decent or not because I spent 20 min downloading it through steam just for it to bring up a window to go to the website where i would then create an account, select avatars and usernames, download the launcher, update the launcher, and spend another 20 min downloading the game AGAIN; And to my avail i cant play with my friends on multiplayer without buying a 3, 6, or 12 month membership. Immediate unistall.
Saw a moose
About to pull the trigger
Screen pop up
"You must buy the game before killing it"
Moose rammed me straight into orbit. 
The game is free but you had to buy everything with money
"The most realistic online hunting game ever produced."

because having to pay 50 dollars to click on like 6 animals is what happens in real life also
Thats f*cking it! I'm going to write a review.. This is my first review and probably my last because if I write a review, trust me I'm pissed off as hell! And hell, am I pissed of now!

As you can see I played 700+ hours in this game and long story short, i DO NOT RECOMMEND this game to anyone. Believe me the game is worth paying money for, it’s WORTH IT’S MONTHLY prescription and please if you are here to play the game for free just turn around the way you came, this is not for you. It is only free to play as a DEMO, you get extremely limited options and playability. If you want to put money in this game it is definitely worth it IF NOT FOR;

1)	The lack of multiplayer compatibility; (300 servers and only 5 you can connect to due to “could not connect to host”, “host has quit the game”(server still in server list 30 mins after the host quit the game already),  “lost connection to host”, server of my buddy up and running (TeamSpeak confirmed) and not in server list for about 45 mins, “error 16005” “I GOT IT”, “error 404 developer’s f*cks not found”
2)	Abundant bugs (which NEVER EVER GET FIXED) and I’m not talking about the bugs previously discussed as connection bugs, I’m talking about bugs of getting stuck in scenery, floating ducks that stay stuck in the air (due to connection error again though), animals stuck behind trees and rocks, animals that have died on player side but not harvestable because of server misalignment,…,.., and the list keeps going and going
3)	The developers don’t give a f*ck *(this is the most important part for my experience); They keep hiring new people with great new ideas about a new species like the “polar bear” (which you’re not allowed to f*cking shoot!, PUT YOUR DEVELOPING TIME IN SOMETHING USEFULL YOU IDIOT DEVELOPERS), persistent problems with connections which have been an issue and have been addressed numerous times by the community but have been left aside because getting new weapons and new animals is more profitable, priority is giving above all to getting a new skin on a new weapon which costs you another 5$ because the colour has changed on the weapon or because the colour of the animals has changed.
4)	The game is not even near a complete stage, with its developers building on a broken game and making it more unplayable than it already is. They keep adding sh*t without fixing previous errors and by doing so they make the implementation of anything REALY worth it get drowned by the everlasting errors and bugs that follow it. The implementation of something good is followed by weeks, if not months, of issues resolving from this add-on and by getting the public back to the game the implement something new, which starts the hole sh*t train from the beginning.

If you have not already turned around and decided not to look at this game, I tell you again, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR PUT MONEY IN TO IT IN IT’S CURRENT STATE. I don’t think this current state is going to change to anything good in the foreseeable future as the developers just don’t give a f*ck or are trying but are so inexperienced that my 6yo niece can make a better running game. This game has potential but it should have been a Steam GreenLight game and not a finished one and the enormous ego that makes the developers not think about gameplay but all about money made me vote this game as DO NOT RECOMMEND. 

I hope to god that the developers are reading my review and start working on the issues that need to be fixed to make this game worth it. If they are not, be wary of my next review, as I will be even more pissed off as I keep playing this game in the hope it becomes something it should be.

(PS: this review was 16 pages long but I removed a lot of the swearing, reducing it to 2. If you read this all please rate funny or helpful in the hope it reaches the developers of Expensive Worlds)

The steam page may boast the idea that [u] theHunter [/u] is a [b] free [/b] game. However this is more or less a downright lie. TheHunter is a game that is designed to make the free to play version of theHunter be extremely linear and boring but show enough promise into what the game [b] could be [/b] if you payed for the membership. These micro transactions are thrown upon you at almost every second of this game. Want to play with a friend? Nope you have to pay! Want to use a bunch of cool weapons? Nope you have to pay! Can I at least hunt and kill alot of animail's? Nope! Without membership you can only kill and select amount of animals. 

Even if the shady transactions and free to play model were not present it doesnt get rid of the fact that theHunter never stops being a boring and extremely glitchy game. Actully shooting an animal is near impossible due to the very laggy movement. I found myself having a hell of a lot more fun using the goddamn brick breaker app on the hunters phone in game than actully hunting, which is never a good sign. Hunting games can be fun and interesting but theHunter with lack of a better work screwed everything up and created a pile of shit which is a disgrace to good games trying to get on steam these days.

-AUS ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Tracked a deer for 20 minutes, once I go to pull the trigger I'm told I need to pay for a license.

Found a pack of feral hogs, go to pull the trigger and I'm told I need to pay for a license.

Unistalled.

The only free part is walking around looking at animals you can't shoot.
well what can i say this game is a little TOO realistic.. ran out of ammo and need more? welp better grab that credit card. want to buy a license that will expire even if you're not playing the game? welp better whip out that credit card. 


It's worse than EA.
- You want to shot animal? Pay.
- You want this sniper for bear? Pay.
- Want have other region than classic? Pay.
- Want to play with friends? Pay.

I want to love this game. Which I do enjoy it alot, but what it comes down to is what everyone else says, PAYWALLS. When you start you get 3 days of unlimited tags for any animal which sounds great right? The catch is that you only get two guns, sure the 12 Gauge is permitted to use on A LOT more animals than the .243 they give you as well but once the three days is up don't expect to be able to enjoy the game until you spend $3.99 on some game time. But wait there's more! You still only have the two guns, one blind, one bottle of decent scent remover, and one call that only works for deer. So in other words expect to spend a ton of money on this game if you really want to play it. It's not my kind of game for that exact reason. Other than the paywalls this game is amazing. If they were to remove the paywalls and make you pay $30 for the game I'd be all in for sure but there's no way I'm playing any more of this. Hopefully the new one will not have paywalls but I'm not holding my breath.
A GREAT hunting game ONLY if you enjoy hunting in real life in my opinion, 100% the most realistic hunting game out there, but when it comes down to it, its a waste of money, a complete wallet eater, you will need to spend minimum $50 to get a great experience for all animals, ex. license, guns, blinds, baits, calls, camos etc, its just too much and when you play the game and enjoyed it, you get fooled, I spent easily $500 in the game over 3 years on licenses, new guns, calls, camos, baits etc to try to get the most out of my experience.
though this game appears to be an innocent and fun sim.  Be careful, dont invest money into this game as one false accusation will get you banned and everything will be lost.  All your time and money will be gone.  So that begs the  question why dump money and time into something that clearly doesnt resemble true hunting experience but more of an arcade style shooter?  Dont know why i did and you should not either.  I found the game to be flawed both in game play and in actual practice of hunting.  Games are Games but you have people thinking this is really how it is to hunt.  The real name  for this game should be The Shooter not The Hunter.  Hunting consumes many hours of prep and scouting and then you are not gaurenteed anything.  this game gives you high rewards and for no investment of anything.  So take what you will from this Just trying to save you the hassel when you could be playing other far better put together and updated games than this one.  

Best Regards
This game is perfect for the adventurous gamer who enjoys spending real money on memberships, buying virtual items and buying the privilege of clicking on things that look different from other things. It comes with a decent selection of weapons - all you have to do is buy some ingame cash with your actual cash. Is a bear threatening your backside? No problem - just buy the bear hunting licence for a few dollars and he'll be toast. Wanna play with friends? That's great - slap some more dollars their way and you're good. As a free-to-play character you get one rifle and you get to hunt a whole two animal types.

The visuals are fantastic for the year 2004 - I especially enjoyed having the animal I was watching at one point twist its head around and give me the bedroom eyes from behind before it vanished into the ether. Then my buddy sank into the river, where his eyes separated from the rest of his head.

The F2P experience is, in short, a complete waste of time.
There is literally no content inside of the game unless you spend some money on it. I would not even call it free to play because there is almost nothing to do.
This game looks like it has potential and is fun. However the 'Free-To-Play' label is misleading. After downloading the 2GB game I looked forward to shoot some helpless animals but, as soon-as I loading in the open world I had no idea what to do or get started. No controls or help menu was available in-game, so I had to resort to an online video on the internet.

After getting used to the main controls I ventured out to hunt… I found a trail of a Blacktail deer and ID’d it with my gadget. A pop-up appeared saying I need a licence or a membership to hunt this animal. I then looked up to see what I could kill. Apparently there are only 2 animals you can hunt and 1 weapon you can use in this F2P game.

I now know this Free-to-play is actuallya Fee To Play and Pay-To-Win game, with micro transactions, donations and memberships everywhere. 

Sorry, but I looked forward to play this game and not Pay-To-Win… It has really good graphics quality though.

Rating: 2/10
First of all - This title is fake!!! 
Is not Free to Play.

If you are looking for a free to play hunting title i have to start this review with some bad news: this game is not free to play by most interpretations of the term "Free to play". As a limited member you can do the following:

You can enter all the reserves and wander around.
You receive one basic rifle, a scope and unlimited ammunition refills for that rifle. You will also receive a deer caller.
You can only hunt Cottontail rabbits and Mule Deers. 
Hunting all other animals is prohibited!!. You can see them, but shooting them is not possible.
To shoot them you need to buy a license with real money
Unlike other free to play games you can make points to unlock new content like weapons and other stuff. You are stuck with what you have and that is it.
TL;DR Great game, horrible pay to play system.

This game would be great, if you just had to pay, say, $20 a month and have access to all content, but this is not the case.
First, you pay about $3 a month to be able have infinite liscenses and shoot everything. But you can't shoot everything because the starting rifle only has specific species it can shoot. In order to get more powerful guns, you must pay real life cash. The conversion rate is rougly $1 to 100 ingame currency, but many weapons cost more than 500.

This means you must pay $5 for an ingame gun along with the $3 a month to shoot a virtual deer that will most likely see/smell you if you don't pay for ingame camo which is even more expensive than the gun.

*Edit April 11th, 2016, I accidently a word
Go get a shotgun license, a shotgun and permission from a farmer to shoot on his land. Probably a darn site cheaper than playing this for a few months.
Gameplay is really good, shame the dev's are so greedy, are they affiliated to EA?
I bought this game and and a dlc and it worked for a while until one day i try and log on only to see my account was deleted
I lost 20$ because of this
*Jumps into game*

Ok lets see! I have a rifle, GPS.. Oh I have a deer call, let's hunt some deer then!
*15 mins later*
Finally a noise! Let's check it out! ... ... Wait what? I don't have a license to hunt deer? Why tf do I have a deer call?
*40 mins later*
Hey, it doesn't say that I can't hunt pheasants! let's follow the tracks!
*5 mins later*
I got it! ... ... What?? I didn't use the right ammo so I'm disqualified? But this is the only ammo I have!

Needless to say I did not get a single kill that was actually legit, nor could I properly hunt a single thing in this game. I really tried.
I've got about 140hrs in this game before it came to steam, which gives a total of ~200.

I have also spent over 100$ for in-game items and licences. I'm guessing the only reason why I played it for so much was the fact, that there aren't any other decent hunting games.

Unfortunatelly I really can't recommend this game to any new players.

First of all, it gets more and more outdated because engine is getting old and has plenty of limitations.

Secondly, the game is not Free to Play at all. Free accounts have access to 2 terrible guns, one bad scope and can only hunt a few animal species. You might be able to spot a boar but you won't be able to shoot it. Frustrating.

You have to buy licences to hunt all the animal species, and you can buy a licence for 3, 6 or 12 months. Yeah, it's a subscription fee, to play this game. And that's not everything.
Then you learn about ethical weapons and the fact, that you need different weapons to hunt different species. Quickly you realise that you need to buy extra wepons and you can only do that with rl money.
So you spend extra 50$ on a proper rifle with good scope, a revolver, pistol holster, a bow, a backpack to carry all that stuff, maybe some camo clothing or a fancy binocs with rangefinder.

Now you can start to hunt and it's quite fun. For a while...
Then you get to the same point I did. You have killed every single animal species, long range, short range, revolver kills, bow kills. What can I do next?

Misssions. Missions reward you with in-game currency that can be used to buy mostly consumable items. Honestly, there is nothing usefull that you can buy for that. Forget about buying guns  or even callers.
It gets worse. Many, many of the missions require you to use a specific weapon to complete them. You either spend rl money on some crappy gun (but I need it for a mission) or just ignore missions completly, since they are a waste of time.

Then you move to competitions.
Some competitions require specific guns but there should be plenty available where you can compete with any gun. To win a comp, usually you need to harvest a highest scoring animal. Most comps last 48hrs, some of them have limited attempts.
Winning a comp gives you a trophy and some em$. That's the currency that is usually only purchaseable with rl money!
You might think that this is solution to all your problems. Win enough comps and be able to afford guns and items.

Sorry to disappoint you.
Unless you are willing to spend countless hours, you won't win a thing. 
You might get lucky and bag a winning animal on your first attempt, but chances for that are extremly low. From my experience: winning a comp that wasn't even very popular (not many players competing) required around 12 hours of playing (6hrs a day).

You will find out that most of the players, still playing this game, are massive no-lifers. MASSIVE.
There are competitions that require you to bag as many animals as possible in 48hrs period of time. Regularly you will have players that are willing to spend up to 40hrs online in that period (forget about sleeping etc) just to win a reward that is worth 1-2$.
Soon you will realise that you're better off paying 5$ for a new gun that spending 100hrs doing competitions.

Eventually, there is no reason to keep playing this game. You got every animal, had some fun. Missions are pointless and a cashgrab attempt, competitions are for people with no jobs, who can pay 10+ hrs a day.
This game could be a great experience for anyone who enjoys hunting/marksmanship and generally slow simulators. The game can at times give you a very zen experience, and the way animals move and react to the player looks and feels authentic, creating an overall great experience.

I can't recommend it to anyone, though, due to the insanely greedy economic model. The game will reward you with currency to make you feel as though you are making progress, and give you a three-day test of 'membership' which unlocks all animals for hunting and some more spawn points in the hunting grounds. The currency you get from rewards, however, can only be used to purchase consumables and very non-ubiquitous items like 'canada geese lures' and such. To get any weapons, vehicles, pets or general enjoyment out of any part of the game after the 8 hour mark, you'll want to dish out somewhere between 49.99 and 105 euros, a frankly disgusting amount of money for a game which expects you to put an ungodly amount of time and effort into playing it.

If the payment model was very different, I might reconsider and recommend this beautifully crafted game, but as it stands, there's no game to speak of, closer to a rental service (It stands to mention that all hunting licenses are temporary, yet can be bought for real cash)
[h1]This game only wants your money, hey made it free to attract you into downloading it and buying $50 worth of just a liscence. Just a horrible game unless you've got spare money. Lot's of it.[/h1]
I downloaded this game because it peaked my interest from the videos and because it was "free". I have never really been interested in hunting, but  I was pleasantly surprised with how fun and relaxing it was for the first few hours. After I finally hunted down my first deer and killed it, I was really excited to go back to the store and see would I could purchase with the money I recieved from my hunt. It was then that I realized this is absolutely not a "free to play" game.

 I understand that the developer has to make money, and I have no problem with them making the free to play members work hard for what they get, but it is literally impossible for free to play players to progress. The only thing you can really afford without paying is ammo, and it still takes a while to get the money for it. You don't even get money for harvesting your prey. You have to complete missions (which by the way, most require items that you have to buy in order to complete) to get the in game currency and the prices for the items that you are allowed to purchase with in game currency are astronomical. All of the weapons have to be purchased with real money. All outfits must be purchased with real money. The licenses' are available through in game currency, but it will take you a year of playing to get a 7 day license for one animal. The worst part is that the items in this game aren't even cheap. Almost everything is $3.00 and up, and that money will add up considering you have to buy basically each individual item (with the exception of some bundle packs).

Most free to play games offer premium and free to play. Usually, premium makes it a little easier to progress and adds more content to premium members. Not in this game. "Free to play" in this game is literally just a demo. You have to pay to play if you want to do anything other than hunt mule deer, keep the same weapon, stay on the same hunting ground, make your own game, and constantly get kicked from games after doing nothing wrong. So basically.. you have to pay if you want to do anything fun, and that's why I got this game to start. I would not recommend getting this game unless you plan on spending loads of money.

I also want to add a note to the developers. People will still spend money on this game if you make it more friendly towards free to play players. You are severely limiting the crowd of people playing your game by making it "pay to play". I know a bunch of people that have never had the slightest interest in hunting that would love to play this game. If you open up the game more, more people will come, and more people will be willing to support you and pay money. However, as of right now, I would not support this game because you have mislead me and many others that downloaded this game believing it was "free to play".

My review will change if the developers ever decide to remove the extreme restraints that they have placed on the players. If nothing changes, they need to list this as "demo" and put a price tag on the actual game, because the store page is very misleading.
It may be free to play but you have to pay for a subsciption (example: xbox live) to be permitted to hunt certain wildlife, tags for said wildlife can purchased with in game money and real money but it's expensive(small amount of tags for 12$-20$) and certain wildlife can only be killed by permitted weapons (example: rabbits may only be killed by a .22, shotgun, or bow) . Weapons and equipment can bought as well but the points to buy the items can only be bought with money in real life making it more difficult for the player to enjoy the game, if there was starter items such as tags for animals or in game money i would recomend it to friends. 

4/10: score will change if listed above have been altered or more store options have been added
this is probably one of the worst free to play games for one reason: its not pay to win, not pay to have a chance to win, you have to pay for every little thing from hunting licenses to new guns to basically what you need to have fun for more than 2 hours, so would i recommend it? fuck no unless they remove their paywalls
You have to pay in order to shoot an animal? what a waste....you need to have a license but guess what...that cost money....wtf are these developers doing....

Starts game, trys to create multiplayer game to play with friend. Can't create it without membership. Tries to join other peoples games, gets kicked from all of them. Finally gets on one. You need a permit to hunt this animal.
Spent 20 minutes wandering the wilderness, which to be fair is quite immersive and beautiful, and finally found a deer. I laid down, aimed my shot, and took the shot. Except instead of firing I was told for the first time that I needed a hunting license for that specific animal and that I had to get one before I could hunt that deer.
So called free to play game.. huh? as "f2p" player you can use only 1 gun and shoot 2 different kind of animals. 0/5 Don't download this "f2p" game :)
i came into this expecting to write a really negative review because this game is marketed as free, without the DLC its basically a demo. yet, a really enjoyable demo.

to the people who say this game is slow pace: well ofcourse it is its a hunting game genius.
to the people who say there are almost no animals: in my first 30 minutes i had to decide between 3 different animals to track, a rabbit, a deer and a cayote. first i went after the rabbit since that was the only animal i had seen myself.

this game almost geniunely makes you feel like you are outside, because face it, thats the closest thing to outside (or the route from your house to the closest grocery shop, the few times you dont order pizza) you will ever see. if you were to turn a fan on so you can also enjoy the wind this will get an immersion rating of 9.9/10.

i see myself playing this semi-often, its super relaxing and yet very entertaining.

but!
there are a noticable amount of really small yet obvious bugs that you cant help but notice, and question why the dev hasnt fixed these yet? does he not play the game himself? and ofcourse the DLC drama this game has, to be fair its still pretty entertaining but i can see it getting old without the DLC's. and i dont want to spend 15$-50$ for a game marketed as free.

i would normally say "but hey, its free, play it yourself" but no, this game requires an account first of all and secondly the download is massive for a 'free' game. if youve got the time and the space on your computer and you like slow pace games sure, try it. but in most other situations contemplate if youre willing to go through possible trouble and annoyance for a hunting sim (a good one might i add).
this hunting simulation is very good, provided that you are capable to immerse in the sneaked slow pace of the prowling tasks

it is perfect with 3D vision

I have played an enjoying one-year/50€  "tour of duty" (about 170 hours) when the game wasn't yet on Steam, yet I discover that the pricing policy is the same: there is to periodically pay for almost everything, just like it were a real hunt (I don't know you, but I cannot roast and eat digital boars)

will the publisher ever sort something out from all these negative feedbacks and transform this "tax" in a normal basegame+DLCs?
Hi everyone! Emotions overfilled me so i decided to share my thoughts about this game//
Firstly it seems to be pretty nice game. I watched trailers and saw a man hunting with a bow!!! Its actually my dream ! 
So..
I launched the game and some kind of menu in browser style opens.. WTF? I was scared :p But then i got used to it its actually pretty convinient thing. 
Then i pressed *HUNT* and spawned in some kind of camp. Graphics in this game are nice. The movement is awful because when i pressed *c* button to sprint it was a fucking walking speed  -_- But its okay too. Then i saw my first animal! It was a deer i guess..) I wanted to shoot it but didn`t want to miss so tried to get closer and spooked it away. I was a bit sad about this but i had even more enthusiasm.. Right after that i saw a rabbit and shoot it. IT WAS AWESOME!!! But i didn`t know what to do with the body. Like how to kinda claim it.. And so i went on.I found deer traces and tracked it down my GPS. After 30 minutes of walking ( actually it was nice cause the world detalised beautifully) i found My dear deer drinking water from the river. That time i was really carefull and started crouching from 2 km long)) And i crouched for my fuckin entire life but it was nothing because i enjoyed it. BUUUUT when I finally got to the      *sniper point*  and aimed at deer head IT SHOWED THAT I CAN`T FUCKIN HUNT CAUSE I DONT HAVE THE FUCKIN LICENSE!!! I LOOKED WHERE CAN I GET LICENSE AND SAW THAT IT WAS FUCKIN 100000$$$$ 
This how my story ends. Fuck this game. It`s better be paid then be free but BASED ON THE FUCKIN DONATE!!
So decide. All things considered this game is really nice in gameplay way but fuck the system of donation in this game. 

You can play this game with satisfaction only if you`ll buy this crappy license. I SAY NO!
HOPE I HELPED YOU GUYS :P
Sorry for a mistake!!! There actually is few hunting available animals like deer and maybe others i dunno... But anyway. I don`t like this certificate paid system. (Edited here)
DONT PLAY THIS GAME. 

Devs are going to close servers in 1-3 months.

They are selling all at 50% of discount, because the game its in his last moments of life, like most of their playerbase.

Just for weapons you need 52.375 EM$, that means 525€ only to get the weapons, then you have to buy scopes, equipment, clothes, decoys, etc...

This game is a rip-off, and the servers are closing in a few months. 

For that reason you cannot buy 6 or 12 months plans, only 3 months is avaliable.

Shit game, shit playerbase, shit devs... im surprised this game made it so far.
Game's f2p sysem is an absolute joke. Everything you will find is paid, it's not just paywalling equipment and guns - it's literally not letting you shoot the animals you find, because you need a "license".

Complete garbage, scumbag f2p milking devs, stay well away.
The tutorial was crippled. Every step is heavily reliant on a GPS tracker that does everything for you. You are supposed to track an animal without ever seeing a single mark in the soil.

 I gave up entirely when the tutorial started turning off basic functions. Forcing me to do nothing except crouch while in a  spot, disabling all other buttons while I was there, then demanding I pull out a lure with slot four. Slot four was empty, so it would not let me use it. Upon attempting to access my inventory to fix this I discovered THE INVENTORY WAS COMPLETELY INACCESSIBLE WHILE I WAS IN THE CROUCH SPOT.

 It seems like it could be a great game, but this tutorial was excruciating and possibly bugged.
i used to rate this game so highly, until i had to deal with the support team.
I would not give any money to this company after my last interaction with them.

I accidently added time to a fresh account back in june as my original account was made before steam. so i merely asked if it was possible to merge the accounts or something of the nature. it was simply an inquiry. they deemed i traded my account off that and banned an account id spent over 200$ on and 1000hr's of gameplay. I tried to contact them to explain the situation and they merely just shrugged me off. 

Poor attitude from the company if you ask me. i offered to show any identification or call to talk through they denied me the ability to do so. 

Just money grubs. wouldnt support them personally.
Oh no! An animal is attacking you after who knows how long of walking?
Well too bad because you need to pay to kill it.

Honestly this game is one  of the worst games in terms of "free to play" actually being pay to enjoy
First outing I stumble upon a mule deer trail and the game notifies me I don't have a license for this so I should visit the store to buy a license. I discover this game is on a subscription based model. Not interested.
Beyond broken controls, no ability to change screen resolution (which for me was shifted off the side of my widescreen) and following the tutorial and pushing the buttons it tells you to does nothing.  I have crapped stuff that is higher quality than this game...
The game itself is very good. If you are patient and sensible and looking for something that is nothing like a shooter game, if you want to spend the time to learn the dynamics, and then to hunt, it is very good, and I played many more hours than listed here as I played well before linking the game to steam.

However, I refuse to keep putting in $$ after $$ after $$. Once your subscription runs out you are left with a shell of a game. Constant annual subscription, constant consumables purchases, new map = new items required ($$), new animal = new items and consumables required ($$). Should not just the subscription pay for this development and items? If not then why a subscription at all??

So now that I have let my subscription go and refuse to keep paying for this, I am left with a worthless piece of software, one that I had fond memories of, but which now I despise.
