I liked the game, still do

I hope going free to play will bring in more players.  With anywhere from 50-200 players on daily, I feel going F2P was the only solution. As long as this brings in new players, I don't feel that my money has been wasted. 

I'll just think of it as buying a playable version of the game for all the friends I haven't met yet.

You're welcome mystery friends.
So guys,  I am a founder, and I have to say that I am deeply saddend that I am part of the original players of this game (also called founders), as they are plain stupid. How the Hell can you say you are not happy with the decision and with the payback you received? Let me put this straight. You bought the game. Fine. Played it for 2-3 months maximum. Fine. Stopped playing it. Okay. Didnt give a shit about it for a year. Okay. Now heard it went free so you are butthurt cause you dont get back the value of your money. Tell me, how well would it have been if this game went dead, and you couldnt even play it anymore. Would your money have been valued this way? 
Get your shit straight people, and stop being irrational assholes. 
This game is great and will get even better. The devs are really good, and they care about this game. And even more, they care about the community. Way to go Turtle Rock, way to go Evolve!
Lets make this short; This game is really fun and addicting. The only problem is the long que due to the lack of players. I'm reccomending this so we can get more players on. To anyone who reads this, if you like hunting down giant, scary, blood thirsty, yet still huggable monsters or being that giant, scary, blood thirsty, yet still huggable monster, you will love this game. Now who is with me?
#SaveEvolve

Dear person reading my review. The game is fun, give it a chance. If you need someone to play with I'm your guy. As I am currently a returning player. You may think the game is dead, this is not the case. Especially now that it's accessible to more people.
My Heartfelt Review on Stage 2 of Evolve

As of Octobor 25th, 2016, 2K has fired Turtle Rock Studios from working on Evolve Period with 2k Stating the game is Finished.

When I began playing this game, I loved it to death. The chasing, the comps, the monsters etc. Players were generally nice, many people helped others out and much more. After the disaster that was Legacy Evolve, the consistent updates were a huge blessing from TRS. They came out with new characters, new monster adapation, refactored some of the old monsters, and the PLANS this game had coming into it, man I was excited! TRS was ACTUALLY doing something to improve the game and the updates were AWESOME!

Then came the news above. TRS was fired from the game by 2K because they felt it was a waste of time. No more adaptions, adding more maps, adding ACTUAL LORE which was in development AND being helped by the community. The heart and soul of many players just broke after seeing what 2K did. 

It is also unlikely they'll update the game with any of the future things that TRS were working on like a Wraith Adaption monster.

And so in conclusion and with great sadness, I do recommend this game, but not as much since 2K murdered the life of it. I will of course update this review if they ACTUALLY decide to work on it.

The forums are still alive if you feel like visiting and talking, some players will still remain to play together so enjoy it while it lasts.

Evolve Stage 2, i'll miss you, but I'm going to miss you even more TRS for actually putting time and effort to improve this game and the great plans you had for it....
Used to be one of the best games I've ever played. I'll think back to the Big Alpha and Beta as some of the funnest times I've had in video gaming over the last 5 years. The game was butt-clenching and the idea was extremely unique. When there were only 3 sets of Hunters and 3 monsters the game was so much fun, and so promising. Of course there were balance issues at the time, mainly with the Wraith, but my team and myself were rather good at taking her out.

Then came the onslaught of DLC.. A bombardment of new hunters and monsters, and then the cosmetics.. oh the cosmetics. With no way to obtain the new hunters and monsters without buying them, and with multiple season passes, the game got a lot of hate and honestly became stale unless you purchased both season passes.

Props to Turtle Rock Studios for sticking it out in an attempt at making the game F2P and keeping it going with Stage 2, however 2K handled the game poorly and it never recovered. Loved playing with some members from TRS and their work will always be appreciated by me. Shout out to Brandon aka TRS_TheGentlemanSquirrel, a beast Lazarus and amazing Sky Wraith. Love your work.
+ You can catch the monster in a thunder dome and he can't run away like a coward.
-You are stuck in the thunder dome with said monster and can't run away like a coward.
It breaks my heart everytime I see this game in my Library. I bought it a couple months after release, and it was amazing. Exactly as advertised, worthy of all the awards it won. Solid update after solid update, the game only got better. Then came the dome deathmatch game modes. It would have been fine except for the fact they through it into the normal matchmaking with their Hunt mode. And so the game slowly died because Turtle Rock wanted to turn their compelling asymetrical team game into a full guns-blazing game. In a massive slap to the amazing community who supported and loved the game for what it was at the start, they made it free to play, and slowly tried reverting it back to it's original set-up. They give you 30,000 of the in-game currency for having bought the game, but that's not really anything. Greed killed the dream. The dream of what I would have actually called my 'perfect game'. While I'll never play it again, it is worth at least trying if you are into games like Dead By Daylight or Left For Dead.
Evolve is a great game, and you should play it now. 
You should play it now because it won't be around much longer, at some point eventually the servers will shut down. Scroll to the bottom for more
So you shouldn't buy any microtransactions. But you should play this game.

Evolve is a 4v1 teambased shooter, somewhat like Dead by Daylight, but at the same time really nothing like it

The graphical quality is terrific, environments and character designs are beautiful, the monsters are distinctive and beautiful in their own primal way. The maps are technically arenas for fighting in, but they are vast and open, generally lush jungles, basalt pillars, toxic swamps, lava flows, and dotted among them, various high tech structures from abandoned colonies
 The audio design is brilliant, as is the voice acting. Some of the sound effects are just really great, i never get tired of hearing markov prime those arc mines. It's rare that a single sound efffect will be so great as to be worth mentioning, but that one is.

The gameworld has some interesting lore, told in small snippets of conversation between the characters during mission prep, or in their biographies. You have to work to piece it together, but this is a fascinating grimdark scifi universe, with some pretty neat original ideas.

But the meat of things, gameplay:
The purpose of the game is essentially combat. The hunters want to kill the monster, the monster wants to feed first, and then either kill the hunters or break a generator.
Before combat happens theres some interesting cat and mouse gameplay as the monster tries to evade capture while stealthily feeding, and the hunter players try to figure out where its headed. The monster is faster, but there's four hunters and the map has an edge

Once combat starts, its about the hunters cooperating to act as one unit, while the monster tries to disrupt their formations and pick off key targets. Four roles:
Assault deals damage and tanks hits
Medic heals people and runs away - they get targeted first
Trapper mainly tracks down the monster during the stealth phase, in battle they do distraction and minor damage
Support shields, buffs hunters, debuffs the monster, etc. It's the most varied class

Every role has a significant number of playable characters to choose from, and they all have different approaches to doing the task they do. There's a trapper with a sniffer dog, there's one that places sonar traps, one with a scouting hawk, etc. The developers have displayed surprising imagination in figuring out tons of different ways for someone to fulfill the broad role template they have, and as a result team composition is a significant factor

Combat is deceptively deep. Lots of advanced strategies involving climbing, kiting rocks, timing abilities carefully, and basic plain old gitting gud. It's not perfectly balanced, but its pretty close. 

Overall, playing evolve is an interesting experience that leaves you wanting more. But now we come to the big problem.

----------------------------------------
Evolve is an abandoned game.
----------------------------------------
Not like the crappy early access alphas you see all over steam. No, evolve is a mature, polished, AAA experience. And it's in a fine, very playable state. 
But ultimately, the developers have officially announced the end of support, it is no longer being updated, and although it has a lively, active and loyal playerbase, it will eventually die when the plug is pulled and the servers shut down. 

How did this happen?
Despite being a great concept, and executed well into a great game, evolve was a commercial failure right out of the gate, due to a spectacular series of financial mistakes on the part of the publisher, Take Two.  
It's failure can best be summed up as: "Greedy publisher controls the IP".

I'd suggest googling the failure of Evolve to learn more, but the core mistakes imo were:
1. Absurdly high upfront price on release.
2. Microtransaction shop in the game from the start, after you already paid through the nose.
3. Promised freely available content sold in said shop.
4. Waiting two years to eventually go Free to Play, long after the world had collectively forgotten about it.

Take Two took a position that if the game is good, people would pay an arm and leg for it. By putting insane financial barriers infront of potential customers, they ensured Evolve was starved of players and alienated their fans. They maintained this stance out of pride for two years while it floundered and failed

The latter was an attempt at swallowing their pride and finally trying to revive a game that was, at the time, dead. It worked to some degree, but not well enough. Eventually, Take Two decided to proverbially lock the developers out of the office. And by no choice of their own, the developers, Turtle Rock, have had their masterpiece stolen out from under them. Not even to give to another developer, simply to squat on for a while longer until take two pulls the plug.

It could have been saved at many points. By cutting the price. By removing the microtransaction stuff and giving that content freely to the paying customers. By going F2P early when it became clear to everyone that their business model wasn't working. If Take Two cared, they could easily have saved this game

Evolve stands as a cautionary tale. A lesson to the rest of the game industry on how not to do things. A testament to the fact that no matter how big you are, and no matter the quality of your game, nobody is so high and mighty that they can afford to give the middle finger to their players.

But the game is free for now. And you can unlock everything without paying a penny. That's how i strongly advise playing. Don't give Take Two a cent, but play this wonderful game while it lasts, and mourn for it when it is gone.

8.7/10
Great game, shame about the publisher
I've come to accept the fact that a single, character-limited review will never fully encapsulate the wide spectrum of emotions I have about this game, but with the Sept 3rd doomsday fast approaching, I've come to pay my respects: Evolve is by far one of my favourite game series, and the best $100 pre-order investment I've ever made, with 3x as many hours as my 2nd most played game. It's simultaneously one of the most precisely balanced, and yet generally imbalanced games I've ever played, with a meta that's stagnated heavily from 2 years of non-development. Some days it brings me great joy, and other days it gives me immense rage. Despite that, my opinion of the game is largely positive, even if some days are worse than others.

However, if you're looking for a true TLDR: Evolve is a heavily underappreciated game with great tactical, moment to moment combat decisions, a fantastic atmosphere & backstory, and a unique variety of epic monsters and flushed-out hunters, but held back by a low player base, exceptionally long wait times, imbalances on all sides of the field, an immensely punishing learning curve, and a generally toxic veteran community.

Stage 1 (or Legacy) Evolve feels like a distant memory to me. In general, Stage 1 had a deeper plot line, richer atmosphere, and overall more soul than Stage 2. However, Stage 1 was also clunkier, slower, more punishing, and more RNG dependent than Stage 2; the latter two aren't necessarily deal breakers, but also didn't help alleviate the immense learning curve for new players. The environments and wildlife were more dense & flushed out, as well as more dangerous for both sides of the field, but also harder to navigate and again occasionally imbalanced by RNG. And while not all monsters/hunters were meant to be created equally, some just straight up lost their identify with rebalances, and became odd mishmashes of abilities that didn't synergize with each other.  But what people tend to focus on the most was the perceived "pay to win" system. The first 3 tiers of hunters & monsters could be unlocked over time, but cosmetics and later hunter/monster generations couldn't. And while the newer hunters/monsters weren't necessarily more overpowered than their predecessors, not having a diversified character pool left players at a distinct disadvantage to those who did. 

Stage 2 is the gamemode I've played the most, and have the most feel for overall. Stage 2 was supposed to be the start of the redemption arc, where they re-polished maps to make them easier to navigate, and while this usually meant reducing the foliage/wildlife & subsequently a bit of the original soul, it did help bring some much needed clarity and stability to game. Monsters/hunters could also be unlocked via ingame currency, and although most would take around 10+ hours each to unlock under optimal circumstances, it was still a step in the right direction. Character levels were also reworked, and actually meant something now that they couldn't be grinding out against bots in an hour or two, and perks were overhauled so that you could mix and match different bonuses, instead of choosing just one super-powered one like in Stage 1. But the thing I liked most was that developer updates were now a weekly occurrence, instead of a "once in a blue moon" kind of event; a big step in the right direction, even if it came too late. 

I think the thing that makes me the saddest is the state the game was left in when the developers pulled the plug. There were blatant flaws and imbalances that were still being looked at when development stopped. As mentioned before, the learning curve was still immense for both sides, but a bit more for hunters in particular, since they had to rely heavily on their teammates for support. However, the average player didn't have a full party of experienced hunters to play with, so parties were more often than not these weird mish-mashes of hunters that didn't have any synergy to them, wouldn't have the perks to properly support them, and were often the weekly free-to-play hunters that required an advanced understanding of the game to function. It also didn't help that, while tutorials existed for each tier of hunter, only the assault was given out for free in the end, instead of one for each class. Hunts could still easily be 15 minute "flee till 3" matches, because despite the reduced gameplay timers and attempts to quicken matches, the updated perk systems meant that monsters had many more traversal options available to them than before. And it only took one weak link on your team to lose a match, especially if said person is the medic or assault. 

On the flip side though, monsters had a big advantage when facing normal teams, but were colossally difficult to play versus premades. In general, a monster could choose a mixed set of mobility & combat perks, and preform well versus non-premades. But premade hunter teams tended to focus around defensive-heavy or mobility-heavy comps, augmented by perks that had no direct counters, which the mixed sets couldn't handle. This often lead to situations where most monsters had no way of escaping a sustained chase from mobility teams, or just couldn't reasonably out-damage the healing of heavily defensive comps (to the point of needing to land every single ability for 60 seconds straight, in order to down a single hunter). Some characters, both for hunters and monsters, were much too powerful for their own good, and could often lead to cases where they invalidated others. Not having any access to character bans, or ways to hard counter the more overpowered perks, didn't help the situation either, and in a game that prided itself on the "50/50" win rates, the impossible situations this game would sometimes put you in didn't help much in sustaining it's dwindling population.

And yet, despite the imbalances, I still had a lot of fun with this game. I loved playing as the monsters, using wits to lure teams into good fighting spots, learning how to cycle abilities properly, or figuring out the best perk systems for each monster, which I continued experimenting with despite 2 years of meta stagnation. I loved all the monsters and their unique ability sets, even if some weren't that good. And while I freely admit that I'm by no means a great hunter, I will say that it was kind of refreshing playing the game from the opposite side of the field. Evolve was meant to be played with friends, and indeed my best experiences as hunter were in premade groups. I liked playing with newer and mid-tier hunters, who were usually quite nice and willing to try out new combinations of hunters & perks. Teaching newer players was immensely fulfilling, and I liked explaining some of the deeper lore from the forums. What bothered me the most though were the veteran players, who over time tended to become more intolerant, less willing to cooperate/compromise, and more toxic towards others, both from wins and losses. Because of the extremely small community, a lot of players just ended up being boycotted by others, a big reason why veteran hunters almost exclusively stuck with each other. Perhaps this is just the fate of all multiplayer games, I don't know. Luckily, it was only a small blip compared to the rest of the game. 

Evolve was flawed, but I still think it was a very worthwhile game to play. Even with more than a few bad experiences, no other game series has drawn me in, nor captured my imagination, as much as this one has. I'm sad that Evolve suffered a slow, steady death, and that we'll never get the full potential of what this game could have, and should have, been. But nothing was meant to last forever, and I'm both honored and privileged to have played as much as I could. 

Thank you, old friend. You will be missed.
#SaveEvolve
This game is fun and its free2play. 
The game will be removed from steam later on this year download it and give it a try maybe this game can live longer.
How to play evolve -
1. Start game
2. Wait for matchmaking
3. Make breakfast
4. Eat breakfast
5. Go to work
6. Come home 
7. Finish all 7 Harry Potter novels
8. Have a beautiful family meal
9. Put kids to bed
10. Make love to wife
11. Have a great rest so you can be ready for the next day
12. Finally find a match in evolve 
13. Realise the match is laggier than a kid with Tourette's 
14. Get kicked from match
15. Slowly sink into insanity
16. Get fired from job because can't handle the pressure anymore
15. Wife leaves you and takes the kids
16. You realise you have nothing now
17. You start drinking 
18. You lose your home 
19. You are now living on the streets with nothing left to live for all because you downloaded evolve 

10/10 would ruin life again
A game in which four angry people with pitchforks try to take over Shreks Swamp with a powerful generator named Fred. Shrek is forced to gather and eat his onions in order to absorb enough layers to stop Fred from removing the layers from Shreks onions and ultimately hurting Shreks Swamp. In the mean time Shrek will tried to be stopped by Donkey, Pinocchio a Ginger Bread man and his true love Fiona who crushed poor Shreks heart and Onions. 


It's never Ogre.
So what many reviewers fail to realize is that by giving the game a poor rating just because it is dead, although a good game otherwise, digs the game further into a hole of disinterest. Thus my rating. This is a very good game with a lot of fun and unique aspects to it. Sure, queue times are pretty bad, and some characters may be unbalanced. Okay, so hop into a game with your friends, set some rules, and have fun. If enough people do this, it is possible to revive a dead game. We just need to play it.
          Honestly one of the saddest ruinings of potential in gaming history. I never played the original Evolve, but I got right in to Stage 2 pretty much the day it came out. This game is excellent, providing opportunities for any type of fps player to get in to it and find a role or character they enjoy. Now, sadly, 2K has gone and squandered this game's mountainous potential, and I'm sorry to say it will soon go the way of the dodo.
Heartbroken by the decision of 2k to stop production of the game.

The game had great potential, the concept of 4 hunters (Trapper, Medic, Assault, Support) each with a different role and each with unique abilities trying to hunt a monster before it gets too strong to kill. A monster that is weak in the beginning having to hunt & consume wildlife to Evolve and grow stronger, strong enough to destroy a generator defended by the hunters or kill all of the hunters before the time runs out. 

I bought the game before it was free to play, and I still think it's worth every cent... But... 
The decision of 2k to fire TurtleRock Studios effectively shutting down production of the game left me genuinely devastated, I first heard this news from the YouTuber Grizzlemarine, and he was quite upset, and I get that. Even going as far as to create a petition to try and get the game to be available in console. When you follow a game from the beginning, watching how much the game grew and how the awesome developers were at constantly fixing bugs and introducing new characters and monsters, just to have it suddenly end like this...it just doesn't seem right, the devs' were awesome at their jobs and its just really unfair for them.

I'm sure the true fans of evolve will still come back to this game, but we all know it won't be the same. 
R.i.P Evolve
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage 
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity

---{Story}---
☐ Doesnt have
☑ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ Will make u cry or smile alot

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ Depends on u
☑ Endless (Custom levels)

---{Price}---
☐ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a trash can

---{Bugs}---
☑ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs 
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
ignore the negativity... hence what i did it actually .... its free to play, you have nothing to lose

'play the game for your self and form your own opinion'

pros~

1)no dlc
2)balance gamplay 
3)quick matchmaking
4)can have a good time with friends 
5) 2k
6)devs actually listen to player feed back, (behemoth was underpowerd and there buffing him alittle - and wraith was 
overpowerd henced nerfed him)
7)little bugs to see
8) no in game purchases by the looks
----------------------------------------------
cons~ 

1)in my opininon the rounds are pretty short
2)depending on your team if they dont do there job your pretty much fucked but if they do then your laughing 
----------------------------------------------
in conclusion its generally a fun game, i dont know why it gets so much hate but the difference between the paid and free to play is generally the paid is more focused on hunting while free to play is more arcade.. but it dosent undermine the base gameplay, it still the same game with minor modifications 

but in the end... get it its fun.

Evolve was a game that simply came at the wrong time. It was designed to take the concepts you find in left 4 dead, I.E teamwork and coordination, to a much greater degree.

In legacy evolve, you simply HAD to work together, because if you didn't, you would very quickly get backed into a corner by the monster. And you also HAD to pay attention, you didn't have a hud telling you were the enemy was at all times, you didn't have indicators or floating ui elements that told you which way to go. You had the tracks that the monster left, if he left them, but you also had to pay attention to the environment, keep an eye out for the trees that a careless monster would damage on their way through. You also had to listen, for some creatures the monster would kill woudl make a very loud call that could be heard all across the map, indicating through audio where the monster was.

You had to think on your feet as a hunter, you had to predict where the enemy would go, what his path would be, and then prepare accordingly. My single favorite play in this game as a hunter group, was when we allowed the monster to reach stage 2 and  then lured it, using the medic as bait, to a cave where we had set up a beautiful trap. Once snared, we quickly burned through his armor and coordinated attacks to tear through it's health before it could even reach one of us. The monster managed to take down the support but it didn't matter, because while he was guarding the corpse, we laid into him and finished him off.

The problem this game had was not it's mechanics or it's gameplay, it was the mindset of the people who played it. People went in thinking it would be just another fps game when it really wasn't. The amount of skill required to successfully play as the hunters was far greater than that of the monster. This is where the balance issue came from, not from the game itself. And it's also what brought about the creation of evolve stage 2, a genuinly ruined form of the game, watered down to the point that the average call of duty player could understand and excel in it.

Instead of treating the game like a cod clone, which is what turtle rock and 2k advertised it as, they should have treated it more like it's spiritual predecessor, left 4 dead. They should have implemented player hosted servers, modding tools, and the like, to allow players to create a habitat for teaching players and helping them learn.

A good example of this is in the game Natural Selection 2, which for those who do not know of it, is an asymetrical team based fps game, with a pretty significant skill curve. That game uses servers with the unique "rookie" tag to host players who are new to the game, so that they might learn in an environment alongside other newer players, thereby making it easier for them to develop the skills necessary to properly excel in the game.

Of course as they say, hindsight is twenty twenty, and nobody can change the past. We can debate the what ifs of this game, the paths it could have or should have taken, but in the end, it's too late to change anything. The game is what it is now, and no amount of crying, or ranting, will change that.

As it is, I am recommending this game to players for a handful of reasons. It is free to play, it is actually quite fun to play, both in stage 2 and in the legacy version of it, which all players are able to access by switching to that version in the beta options of the properties of the game in their library. Everything is unlocked for all players, and the servers are still running. Indeed there are in fact players in the game most hours of the day and weekends.

It is worth playing, but it could have been a much greater experience. Perhaps if more people learn about this game, and the original release state of it, then maybe we shall see a resurgence of it.
i wish this game didn't have to die, thats all im going to say


















RIP evovle 2015-2016, it hasn't even got its 2nd birthday and its already dead, fuck 2K for killing a game with so much potienal
"Devs abandoned the game."

No, the publishers ruined marketing for the game, and players review-bombed Evolve because of said marketing. It was a solid game otherwise, but you would've thought this game was No Man's Sky when it came to player feedback.
Evolve.
What is there to say but "Oh, what could have been!"?

Simple. "Oh, what could still be?"

Without a doubt, Evolve's development is a sad one. BUT. There is still potential in it. It may no longer be what it was, but don't let the bemourners of old times discourage you from trying it out as it is now.

It does need more players, yes. And perhaps it does need more content to survive in the long run.

But you shouldn't stay away from it now, just because it might not be around forever, especially now that it is free to play.

So if you like fearsome beasts, hulking creatures and stalking killers.
If you like teamwork, the fight for your own survival or the survival of others.
If you like beautiful visuals and the feeling of being hunted.

Play this game. Get your friends to play this game. Hunting together is so much better than hunting alone, and Evolve certainly gives you a platform for that like no other game I know.


Or, if you feel like playing alone, well...

There's always the monster side.
Why did my beloved Evolve have to die. I would've continously supported the game if the developers didn't shut the door on it. It's a shame really. 

Say anything you want about Evolve, but the monster and character designs in this game will always be teardrop worthy and that's a solid fact.
RIP Evolve you will always be remembered and never forgotten... And to all who have seen this games full potential and know it could have been capable of more, it's been good hunting with you.
The game is alot of fun. Dont be discouaged to get the game because of its low player count. If you are discouraged by the low player count then just so you know, there are bots you can play against so you can always have full matches. Also please rate the game negativly for the low playercount. If you think the game is great, but the player count is low, give it a thumbs up still. Mainly because if we can get reviews out of mixed, and into positive, it can benefit the game GREATLY. 

Please consider getting this game, i'm sure you will have fun!
6,5/10
The game itself is good. It can become boring after few games but from time to time it's enjoyable. For all the rest, everything is dead (there is no players, the devs made wierd decisions in the past and now the game is abandoned...)
I have truly loved this game from release to now and I continue to do so. Now my hours on this account aren't great but I have played this across accounts and platforms and I have truly never loved a game quite this much. Seeing that the plug is being pulled on this game breaks my heart. Its a absolute shame that this game was harassed for being ahead of its time. Now, I will admit that all the dlc and pay to win was excessive in the beginning but they not only agknowledged it but fixed it. And why did we all decide to give this game shit about its DLC when other, larger game titles do not only the same thing but worse. It truly chrushes me to see this game go and I hope that turtle rock will learn, and create a new evolve or something similar for us who enjoyed it so much
"You never gave me a chance. And for that you'll fry like a pork sausage."

Forget all the cosmetic DLC brouhaha. Forget the lack of a conventional single-player campaign. Forget the hype. 

Ground breaking match design, compelling dark sci fi setting, cool characters and some rock solid tactical combat could have made this a contender for the next big thing, but it was mercilessly cut down by people who didn't take the time to learn it, and it's a crying shame that we don't live in a world where 4v1 gameplay took off.
heh evolve 2 did not disapoint but just like its predcessor it died out 
now this game is a lot of fun with so many different ways to play that the players always have to adapt
this game deserved so much more and even though its still playable there is almost no one else playing
i wish this game got a reviveal from the devs or at least give one more chance because this game had so much potential
One of my favourite multiplayer games ever. I fell in love with this game from legacy's beta and i was happy when it went F2P. 2K broke my heart when they stopped funding and ive had a hole in my heart ever since, longing for a competitive game to make me feel the same passion again and fill that void, but i have not had any luck. Rest in peace Evolve, i miss you..
Great game. And a really great idea that was about to die because of the low player base.
Don't let that happen, now it's free to play, and it's worth it.

The player base has increased a lot, and you can find a match within seconds now.

And, yeah, the game looks incredibly beautiful. The design of the characters is one of the best I've seen. And the global atmosphere of it is also astonishing.

Seriously, download it, and give it a try.
Some nice updates with Evolve Stage 2, but pretty dissapointed that they removed other gameplay modes. I enjoyed nest, rescue, and defend as well as the evacuation "campaign" mode. Hopefully they will add these scenarios back in future updates.
An amazaing game that i can NEVER get enough of! I am really sad to see the game not having a healthy, great community. I LOVE these types of games, as growing up playing Saxton Hale in tf2. The game has almost no-one playing now-a-days.
This review is completely from my point of view, i think this game is extremely fun and ill tell you why:

Pro's:
-fun and diverse maps
-lots of different characters and monsters
-hilarious interactions between chacters pre-game and during the game (One of my favorites is Emmet's sentence: ''Ill rip out your asshole and beat you with it, asshole!'' once he engages combat with the monster)
-very challenging for both monster and hunters
-everything in the shop can be gotten by playing and getting coins, nothing can be bought with money (As of 10-7-2016)

Cons:
-The community in the lower levels is shit. every player got reset to the lowest level, so the higher ranked players think they know everything and have the right to call new players names just because they aren't experts.
-matchmaking is a little glitchy, parties can get suddenly disbanded because the server they tried to join is full, but the creators are paying attention, and are constantly trying to fix bugs and glitches. they recently fixed a bug which caused you to pick a character and you owuld be launched into the game with a diffrent character.
-the shop has every character in it, and the names of their abilities. but it doesnt SHOW you what they do, so you might just run into a game with a new character that isn't fit for you.

all in all i'd say this game is 7/10, if some of the bugs get fixed it'll be even better.

i'd say just give it a try. it's free and you can just remove it if you don't like it.

One of the first games i got when i started to game on PC. Was probably one of the best games to get me started. Absolutely loved it. 4v1 was a really unique experience compared to your standard team deathmatch games. Just disappointing that the servers were shut down. RIP
The Game was Fun,creative,odd in good way,but i feel that due to them allowing people to get FREE Content when people such as my self BUYED EVERTHING n them SHUTDOWN THE SERVERS they should give back the peoples money.DUE TO IT BEING ONLY SINGLE N WE BUYED IT DUE TO  MUTI.but still was a dream game that they gave in.
its a shame a lack of content made the game die insanely fast. The game play was super fun even if it was a little leaned towards the hunters every now and then. I will finally die happy when this game makes a comeback so i can fuck around with my friends on it.
"Hey we didn't make enough money with our atrocious $120 pre-orders and 2 season passes, now we remove all your progress and make the game free-to-play with microtransactions, how about that?"
The worst marketing ever seen in game industry combined with tedious gameplay and empty servers ruined the promising concept completely. And after the few loyal to the game learned how to get some enjoyment out of it, developers "evolved" to stage 2. And by "evolved" I mean they completely destroyed the good that was in the original. I understand why developers changed distribution model and I'm not against it. But Stage 2 is not even half as good as the original game. And Evolve wasn't good enough to begin with (hence free-to-play). 
Also they've deleted all achievements. This is an outrage! How was that necessary? Removing the price tag was too simple for them? Or making a separate free-to-play product? We need to do something before this thing gets to stage 3.
To those thinking about this game post- FREE WEEKEND around September 5th, 2015 and forward, this is for you.

TL; DR: DON'T GET EVOLVE (for reasons listed below from an active community member to one that has had his heart crushed with how this game came to be)

Four areas covered in review:
1. Context and Game Development
2. Product/DLC Release Cycle
3. Gameplay and Mechanics
4. The Community and Match Making
5. Summary
6. My Playhours justified!

Context and Game Development: 

For those that continued reading, I'll start off with some context since the game's launch, in case many newcomers do not know or care to do the research. The game was released earlier this year, post a very productive alpha and beta. However, shortly thereafter, you may have heard of the DLC uproars and consistent bugs/glitches/fails that plagued the retail version for a very long time prior to any patches. Due to development focusing on the production cycle, the fixes were set in parallel to what developer provided the console version. Therefore, realize this that some bugs still exist (talking about the stupid cursor bug that happens once in awhile, and a few others) due to a delayed patch cycle. Even with patches, many things seem to be a "1 step forward, 3 step backwards" type of deal. That is, due to the rapid push-out of DLC, the game has continued to experience new problems most patches, or just pure errors that again take time to fix. 

Product/DLC release cycle: 

I'll be short and sweet with this. The DLC release for the game, many find exploitive and attrocious. As for my opinion, I am fine with the DLC, but as of late, it has become a disappointment. In the beginning, the DLC was standalone; most of the DLC was cosmetic as skins for weapons, character or class specific and what not. The skins themselves were weapons only, meaning the overall design of the characters would not be altered in any form besides weapons or color schemes, but this has changed with the release of the Meteor Goliath. 

Upon release of new characters, monsters were sold individually and so were hunters (this individual sale was where the problem resided). After a community uproar, the sale policy was changed and those tier 4 characters were provided via Season Pass 1. Same to the tier 5 characters with the introduction of the Season Pass 2, yet it did take time to change to this bulk buy concept. To TRS' (Turtle Rock Studios) defense, this was their first AAA title and IP, so it was still a learning experience, but the overall monetization efforts between them as well as the publisher My2k was a big failure. 

Gameplay and Mechanics:

Yet, the most upsetting part was despite the awesome content, the combination of new content and a fledging company resulted in terrible balance issues between hunters and monsters, even character specific. These problems still persist and despite the outcry, these problems will continue. The issue resides in the process of balancing where character trials are done by Pros and ESL Teams (keyword being TEAMS), meaning minor balance adjustments pros suggest catastrophically impact the overall public player base due the unreliability of solo matchmaking and metagame mechanics of tracking/hunting/team-composition. 

To put it in lamens terms, the pro teams that provide feedback for character debuffs/nerfs or buffs run in teams far more efficient than anything you will encounter in public matchmaking. Therefore, if someone picks something out of the recommended team composition or perks, the entire team suffers as random teams cannot perform to the level of pros or regular teams which consist of friends willing to communicate. Some ways this misrepresentation has ruined gameplay/mechanics stems into monster health/survivability and just simple things like how ineffective the hunter jetpack has become as of late. This misrepresentation results in the whole community debates of "Monsters too OP, or Hunters too OP." This disproportionate representation inevitably leads to similar issues of player base segmentation due to skill gaps as described in the following category.

Community and Matchmaking:

Finally, the last category many will be most interested in as this is still an area of concern and all else aside, my main reason to recommend not buying the game. The community has risen and fallen multiple times since the game's release (which has been about half a year almost at the time of review). At the moment, the community has fallen under the 300 Steam mark, meaning you cannot view players online in game anymore since the number is so low. This inevitably leads to horrible teamplay as skill levels differ so much. Even more so, the new Matchmaking 2.0 makes the traditional Hunt mode to be a catastrophic failure as the skill segmentation is done poorly due to the inbalance between players. You may have experienced some form or another of said reasons in the free-to-play weekend, but these problems will persist post-weekend as the player base again levels out. 

More so, the overall community is inaccurately respresented in many forms. The subreddit for evolve may have more members posting than those playing at a time, along with the game developers continuing to favor the input of pros to continue this infant dream of competitive gameplay. I say infant due to the overarching problem of a small player base negatively impacting any efforts to improve competitive matchmaking.

If unknown, Matchmaking 2.0 is an effort by TRS to promote competitive ranked play. Prior to MM 2.0, players could play the traditional Hunt mode without any penalty of leaving prior to match completion without penalties in the form of reduced Character rank or timeouts. MM 2.0 has shifted the traditional form into only ranked play, meaning the original Hunt mode was removed for this competive copy and there is no way to enjoy the original Hunt form outside of running a Evacuation gameplay (Evac being the 5 day campaign, either PVP or PVE, being 4v1 or 4vCP) or custom match with friends.

Summary:

To sum up my overall decision, with the reasons above and with foreshadowing as the game development is plateauing out due to the final push for DLC coming out soon in the form of the remaining Tier 5 characters, it is a good idea to avoid the game, at least until it is within the $20 - $30 mark. However, by that time, I assume the game's player base would have fallen even further, so its best to avoid purchasing the game. 

Thanks for reading!



Edit Sept. 5, 2015:

My Playhours Justified:

Had this as a comment to address my play hours, but people skipped it, so here's my justification for play hours.

To those mentioning my play hours, realize my review is based off of the time since the beginning to now, post all that development. To be frank, as many others have mentioned it in other reviews, the game was extremely promising in the beginning being visually and mechanically fresh, so let's say ~250 of those hours were within the first 3 months of game release. By that time, many DLC and patches came out coupled with balancing issues where my play time dropped drastically as the appeal to the game fell. 

Since then, the only real reason I do play, or continue to do so is due to my own friends playing it far more intensively than I am. I became a part of a team, and was the dedicated medic for most matches, so I can't necessarily leave friends hanging, as playing without a dedicated team is tough. However, recent changes are making that seem like a viable solution rather than continuing as my recent "hours played in the last 2 weeks show." I only say this as many can understand, playing a game to only experience frustration or ending on a sour mood post play is not appealing in any way.

Thanks again for reading!
My dear Evolve, it's time we go our separate ways...

I tried to make it work, you know I did.
I dedicated a lot of time just for us.
Time that maybe I should've dedicated to my wife.
I mean... I don't have any. But... that's kinda my point.

600+ hours.
What we had wasn't casual.
My friends kept asking me how could I go on with this.
What they couldn't understand is that, although it was
always hard to make things work between us, when
they worked, it was something very special.

I'm not rich, but still I bought new dresses for your
monsters, new make-up for your weapons, took
everything to Elite status...
Including Kala... Oh, yes... including Kala.

But even after the holidays, after that magical winter
time, when we met new people, even after that, your
playerbase is still growing cold, your followers so few
and far between, the lag is bringing me down, baby.
Our monsters keep freezing, the hunters teleporting,
and the wait...
Oh, baby, the wait...
Almost two hours just to get a single Hunt match
as the monster? I can't take this anymore.

I could keep dreaming of the day
when people won't have to pay so much to be with us.
But we both know that this will never happen.

I held on for as long as I could, darling. But it's over.
I hold no regrets. At least we tried.
Deep down, I'll always love you.


Ps: I wrote down a song for you. It goes like this:

♫ Feelin' that it's gone
Can't change your mind
If we can't go on
To survive the tide
Love divides ♫

♫ Someday love will find you
Break those (2K) chains that bind you
One night will remind you
How we touched
And went our separate ways ♫

I think I'm gonna call it "Separate Ways"
or "Worlds Apart".
Haven't decided yet.
Alright, what can I say about this game that hasn't been mentioned already?

If you're like me, you ignored all of the negative reviews of this game because the core concept of the gameplay just seemed so irresistibly unique and interesting. If you're like me, and you're willing to ignore ALL OF THE OTHER PROBLEMS OF THIS GAME, just because the potential of the gameplay intrigues you, then let me talk to you a little bit about the gameplay that you may be oogling over right now.

--Simply put: it's not as fun as it may look. It's not very strategic. Very quickly it becomes highly one-dimensional, formulaic, and repetitive. 

--There's only one "balanced" gameplay mode, and that's HUNT. There is essentially no single-player. 

--"Hunt," unless you take it to a competitive level--GETS OLD FAST.

--Want to take your game to a competitive level, and you don't have three other friends IRL who also play the game? GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.

--And, if by some miraculous chance you do manage to find three internet strangers that are also skilled, friendly, and willing to take the game to that competitive level with you, I must ask: HOW LONG IS THAT ONE GAME MODE GOING TO REMAIN FUN FOR YOU? I can tell you from personal experience that even if you do manage to get to that level, IT STILL GETS OLD FAST.

In a nutshell, that's the breakdown of the GAMEPLAY of Evolve--which is probably the only reason you're eyeing this game right now, after all. Now I'll get into the specifics of the game a bit more:
______________________

[u]GAMEPLAY[/u]: There's no "cat and mouse" strategic warfare going on here--90% of the time you are running as fast as you can toward the monster; and oh, that 10% of the time where you're actually "hunting" the monster? You're hunting a wraith, and it's tedious--it's not fun.

When you're not running toward the monster, you are battling in a dome. Against a good monster, this will require incredible coordination and positioning between the hunters, which you, as a random solo-queue pubber, WILL NOT HAVE, AND GOOD LUCK FINDING OTHER SKILLED, FRIENDLY PEOPLE TO PLAY WITH. I'll talk about that a bit more later.

[u]DLC[/u]: Just disgusting, disgusting. I'm not even going to talk about this, it's been beaten to death by everyone already, and rightly so. It makes me sick. 2K should be embarrassed. And now that the game has been priced down to $13 or $15 from the $60 I paid at release? F U 2K. That is all I can say. It's a SLAP IN THE FACE TO THOSE WHO PAID THE $60 WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT.

[u]CONTENT[/u]:  There's only one viable game mode. I've talked about this already. It gets old FAST.

[u]"BALANCE"[/u]: This issue is notorious for Evolve. Personally, I think that the "top-down" method of balancing that TR has instituted is in fact appropriate; balancing is addressed from the perspective of highly skilled players, and that is how it should be.

       The last time TR adjusted balancing based on the perspective of random, solo-queue, no-talent pubbers, we were seeing such atrocious trash as 45 second dome cooldowns, absurdly OP hunter compositions, and a meta-game that WILDLY favored the hunters in competitive play.

       The game is NOW closer to being balanced at higher levels of play, but due to the basic core concepts of the game--which are just not interesting or strategic enough, imo--Evolve will never be truly balanced.

[u]MATCH-MAKING[/u]: Just awful. To me this has been the reason why I've finally had to turn away from this game, as much as I wanted to like it. Hunt 2.0 came far too late, and we need more statistics that determine a player's skill level than just a pathetic W/L rate.

     I've told you in the section above that it's imperative to find friendly, communicative, skilled players to queue with. That is hard, and it takes a lot of time. It took me months to build a friends list of decent players and by that time most of those players were leaving Evolve anyway.

     Personally, I have high standards when it comes to finding players that I enjoy gaming with--maybe it will be easier for you, I'm not sure. But I can't tell you how many players I've queued with that just relentlessly complain about the "balance" of the game, rather than taking a long cold look in the mirror and admitting that they are unskilled.

     Stop blaming the balance of the game, accurately assess your own skill level, what you could improve upon, and then find better players to queue with. It's that simple.



Evolve has been such a colossal waste of potential. Ignore this game at any price--it's more frustration than it's worth. If you buy this game you are letting 2K essentially get away with fraud.

TL;DR: REPETITIVE GAMEPLAY AND LACK OF CONTENT MAKE FOR AN EXPERIENCE THAT IS HARDLY WORTH $10, LET ALONE THE $60 THAT I PAID FOR IT.
So a few words about Evolve.

To begin with, this game has one of the most amazing ideas I’ve come across in any FPS and PvP game. You either play as the big badass monster or as one of the 4 Hunters, thus creating a 1v4 concept that can really blow your mind. 
The real question about any game though isn’t how fun the idea is, but rather, how much does the fun last, especially in an Online game such as Evolve. So, let’s talk about some pros and cons for this game to get more into that matter:

The Pros List:
1)	The premise upon which this game is built is mind-blowing and exciting. Hunters versus Monster thrown into a quite big PvP arena, each side with its own strengths and weaknesses.
2)	Amazing graphics and great voice-over suck you into the game straight away, creating a great atmosphere of feeling either the hunted or the hunter.
3)	Well thought mechanics for both Monsters and Hunters, requiring smart plays, on both sides, to be able to win.
4)	3 Different Monsters (with a 4th coming up) with different playstyles 
5)	12 Different Hunters (3 for each class) and more coming up, each one unique in his role, than the rest, offering great depth to this game.


The Cons List:
The game is far from polished, meaning not only the bugs you’ll encounter still lingering around but also matchmaking and balance issues that end up being really disrupting for the game experience. Let me emphasize a bit on the matchmaking and balance issues though:
1)	The matchmaking of this game sucks: Have you ever wondered how it feels to have a game that asks for your role preferences and then goes and completely ignores them? Well that’s the case with Evolve at the moment. Evolve, asks you to pick your preference in a scale of 5, with 1 being your most preferred role and 5 your least wanted one and guess what, the game doesn’t seem to care at all. You join a game and the role you are given is very so often the last one you wanted to play. 
2)	80% of the games you join are already started, while you are given the spot of a previous BOT (or AI if you prefer) player, usually without perks(starting buffs you get to choose, when you normally pick a role) and almost always, already in a very bad spot within the game, with your side, losing hard.  If you choose to leave the game, you get 1 minute penalty (which isn’t much on its own) but trust me, it adds up pretty quickly when that happens 5+ games in a row, especially with all the loading screens you get to suffer each time.

3)	Balance: There are a few issues here considering a few Hunter and Monster characters. Some Hunters being underpowered at this point (or pretty useless I should say) and some other characters being quite better on their specific role, giving you no real options when it comes to choosing what you are going to play. For the Monster side there is one Monster (Wraith) that, as it is now, rules them all. And the problem isn’t whether you win or lose, but whether you can actually have fun, winning or not.  Well, that’s not the case when you play against the Wraith cause usually, the hunt sums up to the same pattern ,15 minutes chasing it, while being impossible to catch as pug hunters, then 2 minutes of it wrecking your team cause it reached Stage 3. Fun?

The balance issues are known to TRS and are said to be targeted with future balance patches and so. But, time is of the essence here and TRS doesn’t seem to believe so. Almost 2 months since game release but no balance patches yet (just a minor bug fix patch) while they spend their time announcing new maps and skins and characters (but I’ll get to that a bit later), leaving their player base overwhelmingly frustrated (27k players at Launch – 3k players 2 months later).

So overall balance and MM, are what kill the most out of the fun of this game.  It simply won’t let you enjoy the game as you would like to, due to the game’s incompetence to respect your preference towards role and playstyle choices.

Money-making games and greed :

The game is getting 2 free maps at 30 of April (1 month from now) while Xbox players will be getting the content 31 of March, seems fair to me… Why? Probably cause Microsoft paid some huge money for their console to get priority…
Also, while the game’s community dies fast, to the point of no return, what we only see, is more DLC and paid character packs coming out (25$ for 4 new hunter +15$ for a new monster), 2 months after people already paying 50$ to get the base game. That sounds pretty crap to me but I’ll leave that to everyone’s perception and pocket condition.


To wrap things up :
Yes this game can be quite fun, but after a given time of probably 30 hours or so, you find yourself, getting more and more frustrated over issues that shouldn’t even exist in this game to begin with. 
I wouldn’t recommend paying more than 25$ for this game especially when you consider the 40$ you have to pay to get the new content.
Not even close to worth what it costs. It looks like a lot of fun going in, but your patience starts dwindling away as the monster wins every time you play online due to your teams poor organization skills. I would say this is a "best to play with friends" game, but who am I ever going to be able to convince to spend 70$ on a game with barely any content.

Lets not even talk about all the DLC they're trying to push out too. I nearly crapped my pants laughing today when I found out that the fourth playable monster would cost me an extra 15$, on top of the 70$ I've already paid.

TLDR:

- Too Expensive
- Not Enough Content
- Imbalanced
- Repetitive

Save yourself the money and go buy yourself a bunch of other, less expensive, better games.
I would discourage againt buying this game. The game is shifted to a point where new players must play with other bad players to receive a rank. Thereafter you will most likely be stuck with terrible players as top players have already formed parties and do not want to lose their rank by losing games with newer players. 

Furthermore DLC is continously being released which you have to pay for. The downloadable characters are overpowered in order to temp you to buy them but in fact it just ruins the game as it is no longer balanced. 

Lastly, and perhaps most imperative is the fact that minimal game support is provided to gamers outside their main target markets. Thus gamers such as myself are forced to play with terrible connections. This makes the game almost unplayable if you are paired with someone from a far location- which is likely the case since their player base has declined so dramatically. The game experience for all concerned is utterly frustrating when this happens.

Ergo, at this point i would like to discourage people who are considering buying this game due to the direction in which this game seems to be going
This game isn't worth $60 for the amount of content put into.

Cash shop, DLCs, the CEO of 2K literally saying "There wouldn't be DLC if you just paid 120 for the game." *This is from a satirical site is not an actual quote from the CEO of 2K, but I won't edit what I said out of the original comment as to not misconstrue anything*

The game had potential but was killed by shifty business practices.
Great Game, Solid all round in gameplay, competitive and a lot of replayability with different strats/compesitions.

Unfortunately the pricing model is disgusting for the game and dlc. Example = $59.99 USD for the US, $79.99 USD for other regions like Australia. 2k Games are milking gamers with this. If you are against big name companies like 2k doing this then do not buy this game.

The negative recomendation will be revoked if/when 2k change the way they view their customers from cattle to gamers/people.

*For those of you who continue to state that i have bought the game please note I was a part of the alpha/beta testing, played at pax on top of the alpha/beta. The game is solid but due to pricing issue this review will remain as a recommendation to not buy. This is so that others are not blinded/blindsided by the current pricing model.*
Why I loved Evolve pre-Stage 2-

Bought the game when it came out, great concept. Had a lot of bugs initially, some balance issues, but I was having so much fun in the game even being demolished by the monster was really fun tbh. I started playing more and more, until I like to think I was quite good at the game. Played Hank mostly of course. 

There were bugs, there was some debate on dlc and skins, but frankly the game was so much fun for me that I played it regardless. Recently, I'm not that annoyed they made a game I paid 60 bucks for free to play. In fact, I was excited that there would be more players online. 

Game was fresh, looked amazing, but most importantly it had lots of butt clenching moments that kept the game interesting. 

Those tense moments, for me at least, often happened when I was stealthed, either playing monster or support, or lazarus. 

Why I don't like Stage 2-

Getting rid of stealth(for the most part) by adding the global BS revealing ability for the hunters as well as getting rid of most stealth for hunters, ruined the fun for me on the hunter and monster side. I understand stealth was frustrating to new players, that they felt like they were just wandering in circles until the stage 3 monster finally showed up and demolished them, but frankly thats because they don't understand proper teamwork and positioning in Evolve. 

Making the game more braindead and less frustrating to bad players might make the game fun for new players, but at least for myself it ruined the gameplay significantly. 

Some fun things that would happen with old stealth mechanics that are impossible now:
-working with your trapper, if you know where the monster is and its close enough, you could stealth the trapper, and fly in together and surprise dome the monster. 
-about to die, pop stealth, try and not use your jetpack(monster can see flare while youre using it), and very, very, carefully walk around the monster as he is swinging around trying to find you. 
-medic is about to die, swoop in, stealth, and try and stay next to them while the monster frantically searches for you both.
-entire team dies, you stealth and try to get away and survive for however longwhile the monster is trying to find you.

On the monster side, in general, monsters find it less worthwhile to be as stealthy and ambush hunters. 

Also, trapper as a class is lacking now as anyone can dome. 

Overall, getting rid of stealth abilities and adding the global scan made the game more stale, less tense, more braindead in my opinion.  



Let me be perfectly honest, I absolutely had a blast playing this game in Alpha and Beta. However due to the sort of marketing. pre-order bonuses, and DLC insanity I cannot recommend this game.

Pros: 
Varied hunter and monster tactics make for interesting matches.
Intense match progression as hunters and monster
Playing the monster and getting to level 3 without taking a scratch is the funnest thing ever.
High level skill cap that rewards a smart playstyle
Level based matchmaking

Cons:
Insane exponential progression that seems like they're padding out the game life.

I've been quickmatched into a full game just to spectate (Yeah it was probably a bug)

No party options for 5 players.

Considering that Turtle Rock has announced plans for additional DLC as the game develops, why is it that I can pay 85.88 today for all of the DLC? This is a full price game with a F2P model for DLC.

Absolute rage inducing collision (Clarification: I was trapped by a dome and thouight I could escape through a narrow pass but my monster was just stuck running while I got shredded by hunters)

TL;DR It's a DLC Fest

PS: for clarification I played the beta to the most completion I could: 8 hunters and 2 monsters were leveled to skilled (star 1).
This is how you absolutly do NOT do a launch. Putting the game up for sale months in advanced. Then offering more featured editions later with no option to upgrade is a bonehead move of monster proportions. You are a terrible company 2K. You need to be completely restructured.

And now all that money is wasted because there is no LAN, Private servers, or bots. Great.
Good game, sadly the greedy developers killed it and dedicated servers are now shut down. 4v1 never killed it, the developers decisions did... I'd give this a good review but since its down and all, its not like I can recommend a dead game for my fellow gamers.
Day one DLC is never acceptable. Ship the game complete, do NOT charge for content that should have been in the initial purchase.

EDIT 7/7/2016: rofl
Well, what can I say....the game used to be lots of fun 'back in the old days', only for everything that I enjoyed about it to get wrecked after the big update when they went 'stage 2' and F2P.  

Originally, the 'hunters' had to actually hunt for the 'monster', which allowed for cat-and-mouse game. Most of people who chose the 'monster' didn't realize that 'hey, I have to be stealthy before I grow', which lead to them making a lot of noise, practically spamming the 'hunters' map with location markers to chase after not to mention all the footprints. But if you had a player who knew what he was doing, he'd be able to literally sneak right past them, having them running around entire map clueless as to where he was. And -that- is what I loved in the game. The thrill of actual hunt, leaving behind fake footprints, leading them into completely wrong directions only to duck and sneak right between them. Eventually evolving, and growing from prey to predator, or even picking them off one at a time if they separated. 

After Stage 2 all that was stripped. Sure, the 'moster' got boosted and made able to kill entire hunter team in weakest stage of evolution, but all that was there to make it a hunt got stripped. Respawn timers on hunters decreased to practically none, a 'Monster is this way' skill they could just pop at any time with not long enough reuse delay. From a stealthy/hunting game they turned it into a 'RUNRUNRUNRUN WAAAAGH BASHY BASH'. 

Could I recommend it? That's hard to tell. I wouldn't recommend the Stage 2 version. If you can get people to play with on the 'Legacy' version, then certainly, yes go for it! Alas, it just doesn't seem like anyone plays it anymore.
[h1] The biggest tradegy of Evolve, is that at it's core, this game is actually really bloody fun [/h1] 

[b]The matches are modestly paced, and offer an interesting dynamic on the multiplayer shooter arena genre. The graphics are a treat, and the roster of hunters and monsters are varied, each with their own unique stengths and playstyles. [/b]

Unfortunately, this was marred and eventually buried by an incredibly greedy pricing system enforced by the publishers, and saw this game launch on day 1 with over £100 of moslty cosmetic DLC. When it comes to this kind of strategy, you either market the game as B2P, with unlockable goodies, or you launch the game free of charge, and center the economy dyamic around a simliar, yet paid for principle; you can't do both.

The game also fell victim to some incredible cases of neglect to balancing, which left players leaving matches when faced up against certain monsters, with practically no system in place to punish them for doing so.

While the developer / publisher realised the error of their ways, and re-released the game into it's final itteration, Stage 2, it was just too late to save this game from it's ultimate death, owing to a team that forced it's initial customer-base elsewhere because of their greed and poor judgement. While the concept of complaining about a dying playerbase may appear to be a self-fulfilling prophecy to some, the fault is of those behind the game, not the players; people stopped playing for many a good reason, it's important to remember that.

Unless you're able to find others to play with, or you don't mind playing with bots, then this game is an absolute no go. I'm not being facetious when I say this, because you'll spend the majority of your game-time staring at match-making screens, to have a player join, and then leave 5 minutes later as the system struggles to find other players to partner with.

[b] If you have a few friends that are looking for something new to play, I absolutely emplore you to pick this up and give it a go, it's free and you could end up having a blast while doing so [/b]

It's a shame, because I actually enjoyed this game within the first week or so at launch, so it pains me to see it die in this way. While it can be enjoyed with friends, I honestly cannot recommend this game to the general market, as your experience without pre-made groups will be lacking, disappointing and ultimately a waste of your time.
When Evolve was made free-to-play, many of us founders thought that the golden age for this game began. There were regular updates, the devs were very sociable and listened to the community. They even managed to fix bugs and glitches alongside releasing new content. Up until autumn of last year, I would've recommended this game in a heartbeat...

However that's all it lasted. Due to the funding being pulled off of Evolve, no more updates since then and servers are absolutely ridiculous. I can't remember the last time I didn't have 'authentication problems'. Even when I do manage to pass the lag barrier, people just disconnect mid-game. 

Do not waste your time with Evolve. Like many people mentioned in the reviews, the potential this game may have had has been absolutely destroyed into pieces. Consider it dead.
So far I'm really liking this game, the only downside for me is the instability in multiplayer.
Let me explain this further.

UPDATE: the crashing and dcing stopped since a couple of days, the mouse still dissappears and they're still milking the dlc, I'm still not recommending this game.

While you're in the middle of an evacuation or skirmish and absolutely wrecking this monster, the game can suddenly decide to really fuck you over and DC or just instantly crash.
And naturally it doesn't save anything during your extermination so this can be pretty rage inducing.
After an alpha AND beta you'd think they've fixed this buuuuut nope.
Out of 10 matches I dced/crashed on 6 of them losing all my progress.
+ the mouse keeps fucking dissappearing...
In it's current state I would not recommend it.

And no I don't got a crappy internet connection and no I don't got a crappy gaming set-up.

Also fuck their DLC plans
GREAT game... but no players.  "Why" you may ask?  Simple.  The developers decided to charge for EVERYTHING.  This seriously had the gameplay to go places, but with a horrible payment model, the player base shrank until it could no longer be seen.
Before a review can be given of this game, I must first give background and review the parent game, as this is a reboot/rework as a desperate last breath from the original game.
The original game had tons of potential, and I had some great matches on it, however it suffered and eventually failed on multiple fronts. Already at the game's launch, the game got little exposure despite its unique concept and gameplay feel. I saw it get a passing interview in a gameinformer magazine several months before launch and that was it. Then when the game launched, it contained very few options to mix up gameplay. All gamemodes besides hunt were frustrating, unbalanced, or just boring compared to the default hunt. Then you only had a small number of maps and 2 sets of hunters and monsters by launch, neither of which appealed to the monster and hunter style I wanted. This was personally fixed for me with the wraith update as I loved the wraith, but this was the only improvement made and was the beginning of the end. All sets of monsters and hunters from that point forward were paid DLC only. This greatly accelerated the death of the game, as in adition to favorable balance issues toward DLC buyers, the new content that is needed to keep the flame of a game alive (like nearly all long running games out there) was being restricted to the few users who couldn't smell the end and had more money to spare. In the end the game died do to neglect from the start, and being starved to near death from lack of content.
Apparently the creators weren't done trying however. When I heard this version was a free reboot, I hopped on it, hoping to get a taste of some of the good times I had on the original. What I came to was a worse train wreck than what the original became. In attempting to fix a number of balance issues that the original had as well as allow players to be able to access previously DLC characters, they created many more new problems that resulted in a bastardised product that no longer had many of the mechanics that led to many of the rushes of enjoyment and fear that occured in the original. The Trapper's abilities became reduntant no matter who you were due to a universal 'monster radar' that made all stealth playstyles automatic failures by having a really short cooldown. The dome could only be dropped on the monster when prompted, and any team member could drop it. I realize that this was done to counter bad/troll trappers who would previously waste the dome, however not knowing if you actually managed to trap the monster before it got away and relying on your trapper to do his thing added alot to the thrill of the hunt. Knowing when to drop the dome also used to be important as having the dome up could actually become a bad thing as you couldn't escape the monster, but now that the monster can take down just one of any person and the dome practically drops on its own, the thrill and struggle of trying to keep the monster from singling out the trapper is gone. While there's more that I could go into that they changed for the worse, the end result was that hunters would dominate low and medium skill players as well as players trying out new things, while monster mains could dominate the hunters with just one or two monsters (typically the Behemoth and Elder Kraken).

I cannot recommend this game to anyone anymore. In another life, it could've been big, and the early game reviews like that of IGN agree with me. However due to repeated, unattended or mismanaged mistakes in all nearly all areas of the game (besides visual and audio asthetic which I truely give props to), the game is now a disaster.
As for a message to Turtle Rock Studios, if you truely learned from your mistakes or decided to sell the rights/idea to another company, you or they could really make something great. Something that would be remembered as a top game of that year. If you don't believe that, just listen to the reviews. Nearly everyone here who played both games loved the moments they could find and they still believe that this game/series could become great. We haven't given up hope on the idea, just this child of it. Learn from your mistakes. Make more content for the game. Don't exclusivise it, or at least not to a point that noticably affects gameplay. Better balance characters and monsters, even if you have to rework them. Improve server times and matching. Do this and more and you can make a masterpiece. It's not out of your reach yet.
I paid a lot of money for this game (sorry $60 is still a lot to some of us). I received a decent game, some issues were had, but it was still a lot of fun. It just makes me angry when I paid for the game only to be bombarded with paid dlc adds and the game becomes free later on. At least give the paid users all the dlc for their support.
All of the original maps, weather effects, and perks have been gone for a long time and will probably be for the forseeable future. Every now and then I launch this game in hopes it may have returned to what it used to be. The community destroyed this game and TRS allowed it to happen by catering to every single complaint out there. There's a handful of maps and one weather effect (clear weather, oh boy!)This will never be as good as it was when it came out. It's an abandoned disappointment.
Evolve... I don't even know where to start.

Well let's start at the beginning.
I started playing when the game was in Beta, I was so hyped for this game I did not play anything else, showed it off to everyone because it simply was awesome.

And it still, don't get me wrong but the game has changed over the time, in a way that it broke my heart.

First off, the game died fairly fast you really noticed how it took longer and longer to get a game...

So lets get to my usualy Review Form...

POSITIVE:
- The graphics are good, the perfomance is alright
- This game is a very strategic game, even though it is 4vs1 you need to stay coordinated
- There are lots of maps, and Neutral monster which can change the end of the game

NEGATIVE:
- The Devs do not care about anything happening in this game, reports (Players or Bugs), Balancing issues or even plain communication
- As already mentioned the game is pretty dead
- There are a lot of buggs in this game
- There is a low supply on content in this game (and when there is you need to pay for it 

MICROTRANSACTIONS
- do not get me started... there are a lot of new characters which all cost around 5$? maybe? which is unreasonably overpriced for a game that costed 60$...



I really tried my best here, I have put quite some time in the Beta, and in this game, I never stopped coming back hoping for the day where everything will be good again...
This day apparently never came...

If the game would not be as dead as it is, i would recommend it to new players, but since this is not the case you will just waste your money here.

CONCLUSION:

I can only agree to the other reviews, saying that game WAS nice, but it went down on quality drasticly..
The game had an uniqe aspect, there were not many games like this out, and it was something new something that a lot of people loved... But the devs decided to ruin that 

Do not buy this game.. it's not worth it....anymore.....
Shame it's gone to shit. money grubbing devs/publishers? i dunno wut happened

sick monster concepts. love the designs.

balance between the 1 monster vs 4 player is what was a problem, as well as stupid dlc and prices.

such a simple game, such good potential, such a waste
Evolve was quite a fun game once you knew what the hell was actually happening.

Unfortunatley the servers have been shut down and you can no longer play online.

That's that I guess.
(Disclaimer: This review is taken from a purely free to play entry standpoint, while I can comment on the early game and attempting to get into evolve I have no proper opinion on the later stages of the game as I cannot get there and would rather give my view as a 100% F2P player.)

God how I desperatly wanted this game to be good.

Since Its release I watched this gemstone of a game fall hard from in game purchases being thrown fully through it to the collapse of its community in part from its own community being impossibly toxic and the developers blindly listening to every idea instead of actually hunting for actual balance it pained me to see it fall so hard. from a surface level it looks so amazing and well crafted.

Then sometime in 2016 the game went free to play. they reset everything and everyone and whomever purchased the game we reset and gave a "founder set" What a damn slap in the face but atleast in it being opened to the general populous would save it right? 

Ahahaha no. No it actually made the game worse.
It shoved everyone into a scaling level system which ment at the entry level of the game anyone new like myself who only got back around to the game 2 years later discovered that its fallen into a complete chaotic mess with little to no attempt to balance at all for low level players.

To put it simply if you have a vet of the game or two on your team you've litteraly already won. From perks taht just constantly reveal the monsters location to traps that all but stun the monster completly that they can lay almost everywhere and the fact that early level monsters get dicked over so hard they cant seem to tell which way's up it generaly ends in the monster nearly getting killed out of the gate as the 10 seconds they have to run litteraly cant save them as harpoons outrange the distance they have available to get away in the 1st 10 seconds and most trappers have so much range you cant escape before a dome is dropped on your head.

Additionally Evolving as said monsters feels near impossible. in multpile thrity min games I cannot ever escape and litterally always have a hunter walking quite litteraly beside me because I'm a mix of just too slow and honestly too weak. your gated heavily behind a perk system that you Cannot afford and your evolve cost is so high it would require a hilarously huge headstart of easily 20-30 seconds for you to actually be able to get anywhere close to it before they catch you the first time.

And then theres the hunterside, while the game is prety generous to hunters theres on issue noted above for them. Monsters are gated behind skillpoints they have to buy. You know who has all of them? Vet monsters and holy shit will you know it. The second you drop off the barge your going to be hit with more damage than you could track and be asking for the liscence plate of the car that just ran you over. While early leveling is excessivly difficult and your perks cost a small fortune for the monster The final perks that are strong are hilarously too strong. leaving the poor hunters feeling like their made of paper (which they basicly are unless they have shields) and their dropped almost instantly leaving them feeling cheated.

all in all as much as I desperatly wish for the game to be good the match making is honestly hot garbage leaving you with no way to actually find a match without either a vet player on hunters which makes playing monster completly impossible for any new player or you get a vet monster in whcih case good luck. they have all the perks they need and will litteraly kill you when you drop from the drop ship.

All in all the game has a great concept a horrid delivery and is setup so incredibly against new players it sucks the fun out of it.
A sad tale of a great game:
Started out as a great concept, good gameplay, good graphics and lots of potential.
Ended up a mess, tried to claw its way back by going free to play, failed, publisher shut the devs out in the rain, game died...
Evolve really could have been amazing. Could. Still, I had tons of enjoyment early on, and high hopes that I can't even put into words. There were many issues, though - it'd be easy to drop a bad review and leave, that's it. But, I want to consider what the game could have been. Here I leave my final thoughts and a review I feel the game really deserves.

The good: Personally, this game really just clicked with me. The feeling of running around as such a giant, weighty creature had the biggest satisfaction to it. They captured the feeling of playing a giant monster so well that you felt awesome just landing after leaping a good distance... unless, of course, you were a god damn filthy wraith player. 

All of the hunters had such cool abilities and were so satisfying to play too, and were all critically important. Then, the world building. One had to be at least mildly impressed with the story you pick up through the awesome character interactions before each drop.

The bad: Where did it go wrong? Awful DLC practices played a role, but... more than that. Balance issues, but maybe not how you'd expect. It was not noob friendly.
Yes, an asymmetric 4 vs. 1 is nigh impossible to balance at both a competitive and casual level. The game was balanced around the high level though, heavily. Bluntly, you did not have fun with this game if you weren't good. Honestly I do hate to sound like that guy - duh, git gud idiot - but that really, truly is the case here. It's evident through all the reviews with 2 or less hours of playtime.

I've seen many complaints of how the jetpack feels terrible, when it wasn't treated as an extension of your jumping capability. For those who understand how to properly jetpack it felt great to avoid stuff. The general consensus of players was that the monster team was too strong, when it was the opposite. At high levels the poor monster player struggled extremely against the power of 4 coordinated minds. 

With the importance of each role to play the incompetence of even a single player would drag down the experience of everyone in the game and put a severe handicap on the human team. Of course it would feel in the monster's favor, because even if you weren't bad yourself all it took was for any of the four on the team to kill your odds of victory. But it wasn't even balanced at the high level either! Monsters couldn't win when everyone in the match was good. So, no top end streaming community or esports to keep bringing in new blood and keep interest up because it's an unbalanced mess, and... no casual playerbase thriving and no players to rise up to the top level (not that it would matter since the game is unbalanced at both ends, somehow). But the problems keep growing, this isn't the end of it.
The bad, part 2. - Stage 2: After Stage 2 hit, the game was dumbed down and the quality of every match dropped. The tracker's skillfulness at having to successfully track AND dome the monster was thrown out the window in favor of everyone being able to mindlessly throw down a garanteed dome, all the while the tracker's new ability would direct you straight to the monster, with a coooldown so low it was effectively spammable. 
All of a sudden, with the game made easier for nooby hunters, the plentiful strategies, pathing and nuance of the monsters simplified into bull rushing. "I need to full steam ahead and eat everything before I am found because I WILL be found." Their intentions were pure, I'm sure, but Stage 2 was the worst thing that could have happened to Evolve. They should have adjusted balance by making monsters stronger for higher level play while making the classes more intuitive for newer and casual players. Instead they didn't do anything for high level gameplay and simultaneously buffed hunters monstrously and also cut out all kind of required strategy and thought from the hunter's side. This wasn't just a bandaid fix, it was like pouring anti-venom into a gunshot wound.
But the quality of matches dropped off a cliff and almost always ended in a stage 1 monster fight. With Stage 2 also came the cut of a TON of content. Of the plentiful 19 maps, only 5 were now playable. Game modes were cut and custom settings for private games were a fraction of what they were before. 
The conclusion:Evolve could have been so much more, and they could have done so many things differently. It had a spark of creativity and when you had the magical matches the worked out it was an incomparable experience. Mismanagement and poor design, development and balance decisions turned a flawed and unique game into just another generic and dead failure of a game amidst a sea of many others. 
So here I am, left with a game that not only can I not play online, but should I for some reason want to play a custom AI match, I can only do it on 5 maps with none of the awesome settings that there once was.
I was one of those guys who pre-ordered this game, and do I regret it? Well, no actually Evolve used to be a great game and I would have wholeheartedly recommended it. However, when the game decided to rebrand itself as "Evolve Stage 2" and completely rework how the game worked, it quickly became, well to put it bluntly, very shitty. Now the developers have quite literally murdered their own game and I do believe they've even taken it off-sale, completely abandoning the game and shutting down servers, screwing over their playerbase at all stops.

My final takeaway would be to just not buy anything from these developers ever again.
If this game came out today and instead of 4 people the monster was hunting 40 while they all air drop and desperately look for weapons, it would be an absolute hit. But good game while it lasted
ever since I perchased Evolve in Stage 1 and in the past the Micro-transactions didn't bother me that much and the game play was solid, the graphics were ok (although I had to lower the game resolution because the default was lagging the game for me but didn't hinder my game play), but looking back at it now I can see that the Micro-transactions hindered the enjoyment for the game for some players, I don't spasificly remember the prices for say the season pass for the new monsters and hunters and seeing how mutch has been stripped from it after it got into Stage 2, Shure, there were new vereations of already existing monsters and hunters but with what they took away was the thing that ruined it for me, in stage 1 it had some facinating modes and only two managed to stay in the game, the ones that stayed were hunt and arena, now don't get me wrong i'm ok with it but the modes that were taken away was a tower defence like mode where a horde of stage 1 Goliaths attack some generators to reach the other side of the map to prevent an evacuation, the second one was a mode where the monster had to protect it's eggs so they can become fully grown stage 1 goliaths to kill off the hunters so long review short if it had the modes that stage 1 had then I culde recomend it but now im afraid to say that im not recomending you buy it.
“Tactically deep, and bursting with character”
9/10 – IGN

“It’s different every time and that’s what makes it fun as hell to play.”
9/10 – Machinima

“One of the most enjoyable co-op experiences”
4.5/5 – The Escapist

As per the "Gaming Media Reviews Above" 
Needless to say the people who actually played the game, not the hacks at those media outlets, felt that the game was not fun. Proof? Servers shut down. 
No point in this review.
Just thought I would come and hit a dead horse for fun.
