good solid game that puts you to the test.  Very large on line community with a host of options of play, style and skills level.   A good present to a newbee.
We set out in the morning, warily checking windows, corners, anywhere the Germans could spring a trap or an ambush. 

Johannson was in the lead, Garand at the ready and bayonet fixed improperly. Rook was shadowing him, double checking each spot that Johannson had checked before. I was in the middle with Peters and his trusty sniper rifle, carrying the M2 Browning. And Stewart was in the rear, covering our backs with his Thompson at the ready.

The others had been glancing uncertainly at the MG I held in my hands, but I quickly dismissed the growing fear as they were undoubtly only nervous about a rookie with such a powerful weapon.

It was quiet. Too quiet.

The bridge we had set out to capture was undefended, and we quickly set up a defensive position in case a German patrol stumbled upon us.

The sound started as a low rumble. We looked around, at each other, confused as to why the ground was shaking. It got louder, and we could soon hear the sound of people yelling. We readied our weapons, getting ready for the enemy to throw a grenade or fire a Panzerschreck.

But nothing could prepare us for what happened next.

A giant tide of German soldiers, all carrying trench shovels and primed Steilhandgranates in their hands, came around the corner, rushing at us screaming at the top of their lungs.

We opened fire, but there were too many and we were quickly overrun.

Stewart was the first to go, having gotten overzealous with his Thompson. He had managed to push the wave of Germans back, when they surrounded him and began pummeling him to death with their shovels. 

One of them, holding a grenade, charged Rook and Johannson from behind. They never saw it coming.

By now, it was only me and Peters, him firing his sniper rifle with reckless abandon.  Running out of ammo, Peters quickly pulled out his M1911 and managed to squeeze off a few shots, but it wasn't long before he too was buried under the mass of grey and black.

I was cornered, MG propped up against an overturned cart while I mowed down soldier after soldier, spent casings flying everywhere.  From out of nowhere, a fist collided with my face and I blacked out.

Waking up, I found I was tied down to a chair in a pitch black room.  The only thing visible was a glowing box directly in front of me with words written on it.  Squinting my eyes, I barely made out the small, black letters.

The box read:

[b]Kicked from server.  Reason: lol dont use MG skrub [/b]
Even though its old, its better than Call of Duty ghost.

If you want a WW2 Team game with classic weapons, buy this.

Its Cheap and almost all computers can run this fun game.

But dont buy Call of Duty Ghosts.

-Discord
[h1][b]My Personal All-Time Favorite Game[/b][/h1]

Hello All :) Yeah ive played this game from Beta days as a Half-Life Mod on the old WON days. This game is like the grandfather of WW2 games , Before COD and all other WW2 games there was Day of Defeat. I have a major love for this game. I also made alot of good friends amongst my battles along the way :) {"We few, we happy few, we band of brothers"}

The game play is a bit older and slower then its predecessor of the day Counter-Strike.The Capture the Flag gameplay and Objective Play enforce strong team work and communication game play. The game has aged a bit of course but the key gameplay is still relevant today.

It may not have had as a big following as did CS did but the community it has , has kept this game alive and well even today. I would highly recommed this game to anyone that loves WW2 games and Loves the old school game play and who also would like to see what we played back in the day,before the flood of WW2 games saw the light of day.

I will say there are not as many servers today as there were back in the day, but there are a few good ones still alive and kicking today.Some with bots and others packed we people {At certain times}. I myself am still very active to this day in this game.

So give it a try and see you on the Battlefield Soldier !!!!
I've played DoD longer than just about anyone, since I ran the largest Counter-Strike community at the time of the first beta. The creative young'guns teens who introduced the game were pretty immature at the time, but they figured out how I can lay down, whereas cliffie and goose never figured that one out in CS :) 

It could have ended up a better game than it stands today, but it still is a fun game to play.The development team didn't listen much to us [CoFR]Crusty old Fossil Rockers, and the weapons balance ended up off-kilter. That said, I am a life-long gamer who plays lots of other games, but I return to DoD and the HL1 engine because I have a few friends I've played DoD with for a long time, and I like the net-code for the most part.

I recommend this game, especially to the new gamer who wants to learn how to use teamwork as part of a small squad. Servers now are few and far between, so I thought I'd write a review before its demise. heheh
This is a very hard game to review. 

Mainly because I feel most people are expecting a comparison between this and its successor- day of defeat:source. I love both of these games to death, but the similarities are few and far between. Obviously source has better graphics, but the maps and communities are nearly polar opposites. 

Day of Defeat is much harder than its Source counterpart. Mainly because of the source engine itself. DoD has a very weird sense of physics. So weird in fact, it's hard to explain. Your weapons are widely inaccurate when you're moving in nearly any form (which is expected) but the time it takes to stop moving is hard to get used to. Jumping feels right, sprinting feels good, but they're both limited by a short energy bar. I have no problem with this whatsoever- it makes sense to me that they'd put a lot of realism into that. 

The gunplay is, for lack of a better word, nice. The guns aren't pretty by any stretch, but this is an old game, stop complaining about it. They aren't hard to handle like Counter Strike, but they feel real. Killing an enemy takes a lot of effort, but gunfights are ended quickly because of how damn powerful your weapons are. In a military shooter like this one, that feeling is essential. I don't wanna feel like I'm walking around weilding nothing more powerful than a squirt gun with hot sauce in it.

The popularity of this game has sparadically decreased since its release, but thats expected. Whereas most people have moved on to Source, there's still very much a community that thrives here. Most of them for the nostalgia, but a good part of them have joined because they're looking for something new. Veterans here are very common (not war veterans, guys.) and you could tell that this was a piece of their childhood. I'm being serious. Some of these guys joined steam way back when it was made. Are they good at the game? Oh my god. I'm lucky that I walked out of spawn sometimes.

What's my personal verdict?
I feel like this is a relic. Something everybody should experience at some point in time. That's not that ridiculous- especially considering this game is so cheap off-sale anyway. It's hard to get the hang of, but damn do you ever feel good afterwards. Sadly, though, at the end of the day I do prefer the Source version. I hold both of these close to my heart as milestones of my slow transition into PC gaming.


I had day of defeat long before steam and I still play it.
Yes it is old, yes there are only a few servers.

I play mostly singleplayer mode now with SturmBot (a bot add-on)

Give it a go, you can find the install for a single player mode (100% Free) here on my website Sturbot.org.

[url=http://sturmbot.org/index.php/downloads/download/2-sturmbot-for-steam-packages/2-insane-s-installer-for-sturmbot-steam-dod-version-1-3] Download for free here.[/url]

[url=http://sturmbot.org/index.php] Learn more here..[/url]
Underrated game with reliable game mechanics. I miss dod_avalanche. Worth getting in 2017? It's debatable, you will have trouble finding full and active servers.
One of the best skill-based and highly technical WW2 shooters out there. Bullets kill people if you hit, the automatics need solid mouse control and grenades are very very precise. Also far more classes, weapons and an extra faction compared to the watered-down source version. It's also really fun to mod.
Go go go, Go go go, Go go go, Go go go, Go go go, Go go go.
Point captured.

Probably one of, if not my favourite game of all time.
With it being quite old the community is smaller now, but if you can find a nice server to call home it can be a great experience. I recommend the KTB servers for beginners and people looking for some co-op play.
A really good game with a thriving community, easy to run on low end machines and next to no learning curve.
Just buy and play, great with friends too
Bloody frusterating as all hell.
Why?
Walking through an ally way with team mates, at least four
Im at the front, theres a machine gun at the exit and I can't get out.
Suddenly, team mates all decide the best course of action is to throw 
their grenades out of the exit in an effortless hope to kill the gunner.
They all miss horribly. 
Allyway is filled with grenades, I turn around and start screaming
maniacally while the rest of the team says "GO FORWARD DUMBASS"
I sprint out of the allyway at mach speed, get gunned down, the rest
of the team gets blown out of the allyway by the force of a thousand 
suns into one big pile of clipping corpses in front of this mortified
machine gunner who just witnissed the first friendly fire induced
holocaust. The gunner siezes this fnck-up and takes advantage of our
major failure. He pushes up into the allyway where all of us, again, 
try to have another go at it. This time, im not first. someone else is.
The first guy sprints into the allyway and is gunned down. I decide to 
throw a grenade which promptly kills the machine gunner and I run 
into the ally. My ass-backwards sorry sh!t-for-brain team mates 
don't read the bloody kill feed and throw grenades at me, thinking 
the machine gunner is still there. I scream "GUYS WHAT THE HELL,
IT'S CLEAR, DON'T THROW GRENADES" but apparently all they heard
was "IT'S CLEAR", because they all came sprinting into the allyway
practically slipping on their own grenades like mario kart banana peels,
and the grenades vaporize our asses clean off. 

The game is pretty good. 10/10
I've put many an hour into this game before it was even on Steam. Those hours don't show on record but the memories of playing this game remain. I remember watching Saving Private Ryan in the mirror while playing dod_omaha during the opening scene. There were fewer classes in DOD back then. Nostalgia to the max.

I'd recommend giving this game a try.
10/10
*play this game
*I was born on 2003
* remembers me of my biological father
*my father died
*my father play this game before he dies
*I play this game again
*reminds me of my father again

10/10 Happy fathers day people
Never was into writing reviews but i love this game and i have owned since 2003 and now is better than never so here :D
Great Game with great graphics :P
Fun game
[h1]Some of the smoothest gameplay, and most intense action.

Team play is a must, and often makes or breaks a round.

Weapons are realistic, and fairly accurate, for being a WWII based first person shooter.

Most maps are made to resemble actual battlefields in Europe. Great game.

I can't believe I didn't review this game yet, well day of defeat my dear old faithful. I played this game 15 years ago even before I had a steam account and then came back to it again to play it for all it was worth. When it was reliving it's glory days back in 2007 it was fantastic. For it's time was about as fun as a WW2 fps game could get and with the plugins on tap just made it so much better. Honestly I had some of my greatest gaming experiences playing this game and although I couldn't possibly recommend for people to play it now in 2018 I will still recommend it anyway for it's nostalgic value and just out of respect for a game that help pioneer my path into a love for gaming in general. I salute you day of defeat! 10/10 (for it's time).
Bought it recently, yes im 15 years late but its suprisingly enjoyable for such an old game.

If you can look past how old everything looks, its great.
For £4 too its a nice piece of gaming history.

Community is still quite alive too.
Day Of Defeat is a classic game thats been on steam for years it's a great world war II game plenty of classes to choose from, and you can play as the germans,americans and the british in the game. It is a great first person shooter were you capture the flags on some maps, and others were you plant bombs to destory your objectives it is a dying game sadly... but if you find a good server that you or your friends can play in I garantee you all will have a blast playing this game its even funner if you have your own server.

- Bloodwolf
 Was on a server and a bunch of guys talking about the Russian Ophan uprising. I told a team mate a platoon of AXIS members were charging. The guys told me to shutup or they would feed me to them.




 10/10 would talk again
Day of Defeat is one of my personal all time favorite games.

This game takes the fun of Counter Strike and adds flag captures for the most part. It is a quicker deathmatch with control points game that may limit you more on weapons as you don't buy from a list but has many available mods and custom maps to improve your experience.
 Day of Defeat

First of all it is really good game. It is really old, but has surprisingly good amount of players. All of which are old guys who probably bought the game when it came out. I feel a bit left out when playing, but it is really fun to play. 

Playing in multiplayer is so fun thing to do. Time goes so fast when playing this. I have no idea how I got this many hours, those just came.

The game itself is old, again, but works realy well and is again, fun to play. Graphics are not bad and there are no bugs etc. making the experience bad in any ways. Only problem is sometimes toxic teammates or opponents.

Grade for this as old fps game 10/10
Back when my Mom and Dad were in their late twenties they used to play the classic Steam games like Deathmatch Classic, Team Fortress Classic, Counter-Strike, Half-Life, and Day of Defeat which is the game I'm reviewing now. Same scenario as my Deathmatch Classic review, I was on my Dad's old Steam account and I saw Day of Defeat on it and when I was really little I used love The Military and World War II so this game was so fun to play when I was young. Now I'm not into the army anymore but this game is still very fun to play plus it brings me back to when I was a young chap.
One game, a teammate kept getting killed, by his team, and the enemy.
He then yelled over voice chat- "You bite the peach, the peach bites back."
He then got a 30 killstreak, and didn't die again.
11/10
I watched all episodes of Band of Brothers during a single weekend, so I reinstalled this after ~5 years to relive memories. 5 minutes later I was shredding people with an MG42 from behind enemy lines.
Them feels.

Awesome game!
Wow! This game is absolutely fantastic! As a huge classic FPS junkie I must say this game rivals Quake and Call of Duty and Unreal Tournament for greatest FPS ever!
99/100
This was my very first Steam game and goddamn is the nostalgia strong with this one. You don't realise how much handholding modern shooters have until to dip back into the old days. No magic radar minimap, no direction indicator for incoming damage, no balistics, no aim assist. Just you, your rifle, and your wits. I don't know how I used to be so good at this, there is no mercy to be found and so utterly unforgiving. Worth it even if just for a hour to scratch that nostalgia itch.
This is one of the best WWII theater video games out there and still holds up to this day. 
I've been playing this game for over 13 years long before threre was a "steam" So I've had my steam account over 13 now.  I love this game. It was the only game at the time that took actual skill to play. I played everyday for hours with my [ACCUsers] clan. I bet I have more hours playing this game than anyother. I have over 3 hrs playing dayz. I'm 55 yeears old and most younger gamers today won't like this game because of the grafix. I still good friends to this day that I forged through DoD.
I just wished they kept track of hours of the games we played back then like they do now. Thi sgame  is amazingly gritty, and it takes team work to capture all the flags. There are no packages falling from the sky with loot. If yyou run out of ammo better pick one up from a dead soldier. It's afun relaxing game and it's cheep to make a run a box aand DoD on it and play with your friends. I have one in my room where I can host DoD gaming on.
Best game ever. If you want a damn good game with a clean design and you're a fan of FPS then get this.
No excess effects or graphics, straight up action!
Looking for a good WWII game? Want a game with a wide variety of powerful weapons for any playstyle? History nerd like me who loves to play games relating to past wars? Possibly you’re sick of all your other games and want to try a new FPS? Or maybe you like other Valve FPS games such as Team Fortress or Half-Life. If you said yes to any of these, this game is for you. It doesn’t have the best graphics, but it has amazing maps, and amazingly, still some running servers! The weapons are really satisfying, and the stamina system is realistic. All in all, this is an amazing game, further proving that Valve never fails to please.
I wish more people knew about this amazing game. This game, and *Counter Strike* deserve more. I wish steam would advertise there games on there home screen for a few days so it can get peoples atention. I would like to see the servers filled. This is one of the best games ive played. Half-Life engine rules. You wont regret buying this game...... 10 out of 10
Yeah, Call of Duty WII looks pretty nice... But is there a dog wearing an army helmet telling how to play?

case closed. day of defeat wins masterpiece 10/0.2
Gameplay: 9/10 (*)
Game Controls: 9/10
Characters: n/a
Character Design: n/a
Character Development: n/a
Story: n/a (WW II: Axis vs. Allies)
Storytelling: n/a (map diversity is great)
Graphics: 4/10 (*)
Music: 5/10

Additional informations (*):
Graphics are outdated but the gameplay makes up for it.
At first I didn't see much to like about day of defeat, but after a little while you come to see there is a lot of fun to be had in the game. It is really basic, and the opposite of complicated, and honestly that has its charms.
Despite it's age, ''Day of Defeat'' is still alive and doing well. A lot of the players are non-Steam, so the charts are only correct for the Steam users. It's a WW2 shooter with realism. It is very hard to get into this game since it has a big learning curve and pretty much everyone is extremely good. Most of the maps are very well made and balanced. There are a few narrow maps which are a slaughterhouse if there are too many players though. I believe that there are things you should know before playing this game, so here are a few words of advice: 

- Grenades are very powerful
- Grenades are detonated quicker if you pull the pin and do not throw it for a while 
- Most Grenadier and Sniper shots will be a one shot kill 
- In narrow maps it will be very frustrating, so play on larger maps first 
- Automatic weapons have recoil which is very hard to handle, so take your time to learn the basics of each weapon 
- Constantly check the map to see if you have teammates around, so you know if it's safe to push 
- You will die. A LOT.

That's pretty much it. Things like spots, weapons, maps and tricks you will learn along the way of playing it. First few hours will be very frustrating, especially for someone who hasn't played realistic shooters, but you will find yourself scoring more and more kills over time and it will be very satisfying. So, give this game a shot even if at first glance you think that the game is bad or everyone is too good or cheating. It is one of the best late early 2000's WW2/Realism game I've played for sure.
The is my favorite WWII game and the first game I played on Steam. (and yes, people still are playing)

Pros: 
1: No little kids and the community is very friendly.
2: Very fun WWII action with different maps and game modes.
3: Not repetitive and doesn't get boring, ex; Different Guns, Custom maps, Gamemodes, etc.

Cons:
1: Most players are very experienced and you will die alot.
2: Game mechanics take time to learn.

9/10, Most underated Valve series. 
Buy it now or get it on a sale, either way you won't regret it!
This game is very cool, and the price is affordable by everyone.
Very realistic weapons.
A very good gameplay.
NO HACKERS!!!! :D
aaaaaaaaaaaand
it is awesome.
This is a great game for all WWII genre fans. There are only a couple of servers but they all have a good amount of people playing on them. People stratigze with thier team and are serious about the game.

10/10

One of the best ive ever played, and worth it for only 5 dollars.
This game is worth every moment ive wasted playing it. No regrets here. Still has a community of players during the week and even more during the weekend. Buy it, you wont regret it
This is a very amazing 1st person shooter. Not only does its setting consist of WW2, but the opponents aren't sponges to bullets either. I also love the variety of classes you can be too.
Although the graphics have aged quite badly and the player base has dwindled down pretty low, this game is still a good buy on sale. This game can run on a potato and has very fun and satisfying gunplay.
This might also be a good buy if your computer can't quite run Day of Defeat Source.
well, after all those years i still come back to this game, its just best fps game ever,
this steam was lost for over 10 years, but now its back and im using it again :D
had already 1000 hrs of dod on my new acc :P
This game is a classic! Absolutely recommend it to anyone who likes good WW2 shooters.  Sadly at this time the playerbase has twindled but back in its prime I put hundreds of hours into this bad boy.  I played this religiously back when Steam was a green box and didn't count your hours of game time.  It's fun, challenging and dare I say better then its sequel.
>See cool ww2 game for less than 10 bucks
>Surewhynot.jpg
>buy it
>Join lobby while listening to Saving Private Ryan Soundtrack
>Guy in lobby sounds almost exactly like Tom Hanks
>Play for a while together
>I end up getting surrounded and seperated from my team
>tfw this game made me private ryan
>after a while join different game 
>guy in lobby is SEVENTY
>damnwhatalegend.gif
>spawn and run out into the open
>Get gunned down right away

War is hell...
Not a bad game,
                          considering it's age you can expect dated graphics and a small player base but at it's core it's a good game, especially if you have some friends.

-raptor
Hell yes, this game is amazing, its pretty fun with friends, or by your lonesome, as long as you good with an MG or a sniper. I'd say that this games only downfall is the low player count, and the constant hackers in the already low count of players, but other than that its pretty good!

So yeah get this only when its on sale, cause it doesnt have bots so your gonna have to play online with only like 50 - 100 players.
Day of Defeat is a fun classic multiplayer shooter , whit various classes to choose from and a enourmous variety of maps .
Unfortunaly even for 2003 the graphics are way outdated , running on the original Half-Life engine , but if you can overlook that fact , this game is worth it .

Final Score : 7.5/10 ( Good )

Full video review : 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOm-YnW2JHI
This game despite the age even in 2014 is fun, the community is just weird. it actually takes some practise to get good though and the maps are limited to just 4 but with different textures!
need something to do
got 3 quid
buy this
unless counterstrike is on offer! :)
Day of Defeat is a FPS game from 2003 developed and published by Valve, I guess it may have been one of the first big multiplayer FPS games (besides Counter-Strike, also by Valve) and it has almost the same controls as the other Valve games.The only difference in controls is SHIFT=run and F is for the voice chat instead of the flashlight...like every Valve game of the era. It's pretty much what you'd expect, a war shooter. It's like Capture the Flag pretty much.

It's a simple game, the only problem I really have with it is the recoil is actually really horrible. If you shoot any machine gun, your head will jolt up. It gets super annoying and it makes aiming your gun close to impossible. It really screws up most of the game with machine guns so I usually stick to rifles and snipers and stuff. I also have a problem with just the sniper rifle because it takes afew seconds before you can actually aim the gun.

Other than the recoil, I do have some problems with some of the maps, in some of the maps, there is a way to glitch to the inside of the other team's base. It is in a few maps so I really can't say them all. It is all over the place with glitches here, but atleast this game is sold for a good, and cheap price. Other than all this, I really enjoy Day of Defeat, it's not really a game I'd play all the time, that and the fact that nobody really plays this game anymore. Luckily, I found a server with 15+ people, so this is how I'm writing this review for you right now. Anyway, lets get to the final score!

Final score: 75%

I've taken off 25% for 2 things, nobody really plays anymore, and the god awful recoil. I've taken most points off from the recoil especially, because nobody plays a game anymore isn't too much of a big deal. I'd recommend you to move to Day of Defeat: Source if you want to play with more than 1 person. But hey, atleast you own a classic, right?

In my opinion, everyone should have this in their library, because there are many reasons why, but i'll give you two:
1. It's one of the best and the most realistic WW2 shooters out there.
2.It's a classic title and there are alot of servers active, that means that you can play this every time!
Recommend this to your friends to support this game and to keep it alive like the other classic titles(Team Fortress Classic, Deathmatch Classic, etc).
I vividly remeber playing countless of hours of DoD when I was a kid. Probably played this even more than CS 1.4 through 1.6, but while even oldschool Counter-Strike hasn't last any of its touch, Day of Defeat seems to have aged not too well. Maps feel small, gameplay (especially weapon handling) feels outdated and I wasn't able to get to like this again, not even with all the nostalgia bonus I could muster.

Therefore I believe Day of Defeat does deserve a venerable place in a hall of fame, but there is little reason to buy and play it by today's standards. Get this for historical reasons or out of nostalgia, but if you never played it and just heard how great it was ... well it was great, but you probably will neither feel the same way nor fully understand why so many people played it like crazy.

Therefore, for the general public, cannot recommend (anymore).
