I am genuinly shocked by this game. If I'm brutally honest, I loaded this up expecting to play a very amateur-ish game with little amusement value. I was entirely wrong.

Trove is, in many way, Minecraft with more RPG/MMO features put into it. The graphics are blocky and hugely varied, creating a really colourful and vibrant world. The sounds also fit the game style very well. A lot of the enemy voices are really quite funny, and difficult to decipher.

The building is somewhat basic, though there are a huge amount of blocks to be unlocked, some rarer than others. I find the way your own plot of land works interesting: there are plots all over the map, more are found in some biomes than others, and you can claim any of them as your own, where your house pops up. Any changes you make to this house stick with it. Then, you can just claim another spot, the other one disappears and your house has moved! It's quite cool, really, and stops the whole real estate issue a lot of games have (ArchAge).

There are currently 11 classes that all play very differently and have unique pros/cons. The combat is like that of an action RPG, with all abilities from enemies being dodgeable, if you have the reaction speed! The enemy AI is nothing particularly special, they essentially just run at you, but their attack patterns and visuals are different enough to keep you on your toes. 

I feel Trove is a bit all over the place with how in depth it wants to be with it's RPG elements. There are lots of stats on your equipment (including magic find, I like!), but very few equipment slots compared to other MMOs. The classes all have really different gameplay, rare for an MMO, but each class only has a basic attack and 3 abilities. It's a little odd, if I'm honest, as though the developers were told to reign it in. I can understand that, but I do wish there was more diversity in choosing your abilities, as it can grow a little stale.

At first, I thought this was a good first MMO, and I think I will get my 7 year old sister into this, I think she'll enjoy it; however, after level 10, some of the enemies are actually pretty damn difficult. Pre-10 the game is very easy and offers little in the way of challenge, but it soon ramps up. Younger people may actually struggle with this game, but I think a lot of them would enjoy the building aspect, as well as the combat side. 

To sum up: this is a great little MMO with loads of interesting features and fun gameplay. It'd be great for a first time MMO and for children, but offers challenge after the intro (first 10 levels) to keep anyone interested. With friends, it's very enjoyable seeing who can make the funniest looking character. It can get a little grindy after a while, but I would still recommend giving it a go and deciding for yourself.

Edit: I feel I should mention there are long queues. MMOs never keep up very well during the first few days of release, and this is no exception. Expect to be waiting in queues to play for a few days, unfortunately. Hopefully the servers will quieten down a bit in the next few days, or the developers will upgrade the servers to handle the load.

As of 13/07/2015, the queues are still quite long, they are apparently working on them all the time. Quite frustrating, unfortunately.
[h1]Trove is a Cubeworld-look-a-like MMO RPG game. Free, and fun![/h1]
I've played the [b]Alpha[/b], and [b]Beta.[/b] And my word is it only got better.. [i][b]for the most part.[/b][/i]

[h1]Pros :[/h1]
Fun
HUGE amount of loot available
Easy to play, hard to master
Nice amount of classes available
Good Graphics, [b]cartoon-ish[/b]
HUGE amount of players
Build your own portable house (Cornerstone)
And way, way more!

[h1]Cons :[/h1]
Due the unexpected amount of players, the servers aren't ready for the load. Thats why they implemented Queue's. Its very annoying but the only way of not crashing their servers and/or lagging all players.
Not optimised as the best.
-Edit: The Queue's have been eliminated!

I hope you liked my review. Its my first one. I'm not going to ask you to use my friend code etc. If your really want, just add me and we can talk.
Good game 8.5/10

Pros
-Endless worlds and dungeons of various difficulties to explore
-You start with a mount, and eventually get ships, wings, and mag carts later on
-Can build your own POH and can deploy it wherever you go and see a hotspot
-Tons of loot, which you can destroy to gain it's appearance and mastery points
-Crafting system works well, later tiers will have you grinding a lot of mats though
-Seemless class switching
-Not P2W (everything can be bought with in game currency except for a few exlusives and cash shop cosmetics)
-Very addictive
-Admin team, keeps users updated frequently and in a timely manner, quickly responding to issues
-Can instantly teleport to other players currently fighting, this includes people in your club and your friends
-Loot is not shared, what you see drop is for you, hitting a monster at least once grants items/xp
-If you are close enough ore mined is shared with everyone nearby

Cons
-Can get repetitive, if u  play in large doses
-Lacks viable trading platform, i.e. auction/trading system, but you can still trade person to person or at a trading post
-Long que times, but be honest what MMO after launch doesn't have this issue with a sharp increase in user base
-Minor bugs causing a disconnect and reconnect issues, rare and admins are aware of it
-Class skills are limited
Trove is the perfect compilation of some of the greatest PC games. It has the art style and visuals of Minceraft, the exciting boss battles and loot drops of the Borderlands series, and the MMO aspect & RPG elements of Realm of the Mad God. Think of it as being a direct upgrade to Cube World... except it's free! Almost everything in the Trove store can be purchased using free obtainable credits which you recieve every single day you log in. It is super easy to add your friends in-game and begin questing and grinding resources for your "Club". Your "Club World" is basically an entire realm dedicated to the creations of you and your friends. Overall, this game is amazing! If I had to, I would have payed for this game. The fact that a game which clearly took plenty of effort and care to create is free just boggles my mind. Literally download this game right now!
I started playing this since it was in Open Beta, and it's just as fun as it was back in Beta, especially with the new content that's been added since I started. 

Pros:
[list]
[*] Beautiful, clean graphics that, although blocky, give it a nice, creative world.
[*] Promotes user creativity, since it has a forum for designing weapons, costumes, dungeons, etc.
[*] Pretty easy to get into and understand how everything works. The rotations are fairly easy to figure out, and so is the crafting and the forging. 
[*] The weapons, faces and hats are VERY customizable without the trouble of a complicated transmogrifier system.
[*] Almost entirely free to play. There is some stuff that you can pay actual money to get quicker, but for the most part, spending actual money is entirely optional.
[*] Sharing system that makes gaining materials pretty easy. 
[*] VERY wide range of classes to choose from, and you can switch between them anytime you want (assuming you buy them with Cubits, anyway).
[/list]

Cons:
[list]
[*] If you aren't lucky enough to make it to the end of a dungeon on time, when someone else defeats the boss and opens the chest, your hard-earned loot will despawn. 
[*] Salt. Salt. Salt. So much salt in the community, though most of it is in the Trading chat.
[*] LONG QUEUE TIMES. RIDICULOUSLY LONG QUEUE TIMES. I get that Trion didn't anticipate how popular their game would be when it launched on Steam, but PLEASE fix this.
[*] The gameplay is pretty repetitive, since most of it involves going to dungeons to get your currency and loot. The closest to a quest system available are Challenges, which can only be done once you've hit Mastery Rank 30, and they only happen once every 20 minutes or so. Plus, all you get out of them is flux (one of the main currencies in the game) and Boxes.
[*] It's a bit boring if you play alone. Having a group of friends makes everything a lot more fun.
[/list]

These are the only things that come to mind, but I'm sure there's a lot more.

In conclusion, I DO recommend this game, because it's pretty fun and time consuming. I'd give it about a 7.5/10, but if Trion fixes it's servers then I'd give it a higher rating.
As somebody who has been playing this game off an on since closed beta, back around late 2013, I can say that I have had quite a lot of experience playing this game, and have seen it grow tremendously since the beginning. To give some context, I remember when the game had 2 classes, the Knight and the Gunslinger, and that was it. Now, onto the review.

Let's get to the things I don't like about the game

Cons:
[list]
[*] [strike]OMG QUEUES[/strike] finally fixed :)
[*] Grindy as hell at max level
[*] Somewhat pay to win, depending upon your definition of "pay to win". All power is obtainable without paying, but it's a lot faster if you pay, or are a patron. Note, this only really affects max level gearing, and has zero effect while leveling.
[*] Certain class bugs, like the Knight attack speed bug have been around for months, and still haven't been fixed yet.
[/list]

Pros:
[list]
[*] Plenty of classes to play as
[*] Plenty of things to do, even without getting into combat, like Fishing or Gardening, or just sailing around on a boat
[*] The in game currency, cubits, are fairly easy to obtain, making it pretty easy to buy new classes without paying real money
[*] Because most item skins are made by the playerbase, there's a metric ton of weapon skins, hats, and faces in the game. Seriously, it's downright mind boggling how much the playerbase has generated at no cost to the developers.
[*] Without paying, you can make or join Club Worlds, which are basically Minecraft-esque zones where the player can build (solo or with friends) whatever they want in their own instance, be it farming space (like, to grow crops), a football stadium to play with friends, or a giant roller coaster, only limited by your imagination.
[*] Cornerstones are great, in that the player can have a portable house that they can throw anywhere out in the hostile adventure zones, as a "home away from home".
[/list]

In my opinion, Trove has some drawbacks, but is an overall enjoyable game that I would recommend to anybody that wants to try something new, and enjoys both Minecraft and the Diablo series.
Half my gametime is queuing up to join a server. (Update: The server wait times have supposedly been massively improved!)

Just kidding. The real review:

Trove.. What a surprise it has been, as always with F2P's I expected a pay to win element, however none such is present here. Albeit the usual shortcuts are available for players if they wish to take advantage of it, or support the developers.

Gameplay wise, it's a pretty fun game. Level up and raid dungeons alone or with a team and enjoy the loot! Another aspect as you'd expect from a Minecraft looking game is building. This is much more difficult to achieve as most decorations require a lot of materials to create.

That being as it is, building is definately not the main focus of the game, more of a way to show off your skill and wealth in the game.

Nothing much else to say, really fun game and I haven't paid a penny out, nor felt forced to spend anything.
In the short time I've played this I've-

-Shot flames out my rear end.

-Turned into a dragon.

-Built a space needle to the moon.

-Attended a mushroom coronation.

-Murdered everyone there.

-Rode a Velociraptor.

-Rode a Velociraptor as a dragon.

-Used the dragon baby I stole as a weapon of mass destruction.

-Met up with my friends.

-Raided 10,001 dungeons.

-Massacred the entirety of Texas.

-Killed some pirates.

-Become pirates.

-Got bored and killed pirates again.

-Built a 5-star hotel fortress.

-Stopped an evil overlord from returning from beyond the grave.

-Killed a family of spiders and lizards.

-Ate pie.

-Got drunk.

-Went to heal and died cause my flask was empty from being drunk. 

-Came back from the dead.

-Killed those who killed me. 

-Teabagged thier corpses. 

-Saw a unicorn.

-Tried to burn said unicorn.

-Got &%# kicked by unicorn.

-Taunted best friends for not helping me.

-Profanity.

-Went to the beach.

-Bedazzled my nipples.

-Fished.

-Rage quit and lit fish on fire.

-Entered Tron. 

-Killed Cuthulu.

-Destroyed aimbot. 

-leveled up & got phat l3wts.

-Argue over who has better gear.

-Raid some more stuff.

-Danced.

-Danced as a dragon doing Gangnam style while my friends mudered a robot with weapons crafted from it's babies.


10/10 Would dragon dance while killing babies again.

EDIT: Holy crap, 372 likes? guyz seriously I never get this much attention, hmm, guess I should write something here... Nah, thanks for the likes suckas, go see Ant-Man, a superhero that doesn't suck.


EDIT 2: Well somethinbg happend and I can't see how many people are still liking this, for those of you that hung around or are just reading here's a bonus                                                                  █▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄ 　 
▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █ 　 
▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ 　 
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ 
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ 
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀

─────███────██
──────████───███
────────████──███
─────────████─█████
████████──█████████
████████████████████
████████████████████
█████████████████████
█████████████████████
█████████████████████
██─────██████████████
███────────█████████
█──█───────────████
█──────────────██
██──────────────█────────▄███████▄
██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄
██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄
██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$█
██──█──────██─────█──█████████████████
██──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████
─█───██████──▀████───────███████████
──────────────────█───────█████████
─────────────▀▀████──────███████████
────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█
────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█
──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██
─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██
─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█
─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██
─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██
──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█
─────────███────────███████▄────███
────────███████─────█████████████
───────▄██████████████████████
████████─██████████████████
─────────██████████████
────────███████████
───────█████
──────████
─────████

ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ 
ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ 
ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀ 

█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ█ 
█─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ█
█ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
Yes, it has insane queue times, but the game itself more than makes up for it. It is what Cube World should have been.

My personal favorite thing is that you can model weapons in voxel editors (Third party only so far) and put them up for a chance to get them in the game along with a hat and creator credits, or something like that. No idea what the creator credits are for, but it would be worth it for the hat. I like hats.

Pros:
Cornerstone mechanic
Crafting
Clubs
Free building
Biome variety
Class variety
Pretty much everything except for queue times. There are Neon Ninjas and Candy Barbarians. CANDY F-ING BARBARIANS!

Cons:
Queues.
What do I say about Trove? It really pushes how its like minecraft, but different. 


This game is nothing at all like minecraft, and that's not a bad thing.

I've played my share of terrible games trying to feed of of Mojang's (now Microsoft's) sucess, and this game does not belong in that catagory at all. 

This game is most certainly its own beast, and im actually very disappointed that the game's PR department is pushing the game as a 'Like Minecraft, BUT' games.


As for the game itself, its a highly refined MMORPG, full of a varitey of classes, weapons, and more comical items than you could shake a stick at. The biomes in this game are all very memorable, with adorable characters that had me questioning my protagonists' motives. The world is deadly, with portals scaled for difficulty, with increasing rewards as teired world go higher, into the 'UBER' levels and above. Constant new realms are created, making sure that the randomly generated worlds don't become entirely looted and scarce of resources. For a large part of the game, mining is entirely avoidable, except at higher levels where you need to craft entranes (called Adventure Portals) I do wish that there was a quicker method of mining, but i'm fine using the 'mining laser' or bombs to collect my shapestone.  The F2P system is also excellently designed, with premium accounts earning extra rewards for things such as dungeons, and a few exclusive items. 


All over all this is an excellent MMORPG action/exploration game. Its very quirky and well designed, with all the in game systems working quite brilliantly with each other. Progression feels slow at times, but is very very rewarding. Lastly, this game IS NOTHING LIKE MINECRAFT.
Pros
- 11 fun and extremely interesting classes with varied gameplay.
- Everything in the game can be acquired without real money, save a few alpha/beta/stream exclusives
- Very community driven.
- Its basically Hoarding Simulator 2015.
- Make your house look like a dungeon to fool people.
- Luring people into your home and killing them.
- Dancing skeleton minions.
- The best streamer occasionally wears a hotdog suit.

Cons
- At the moment, servers are completely being destroyed. (Servers are somewhat more stable during this edit)
- Repetitive grinding once you hit lvl 18+.
- Boring endgame content (this may be changed once pvp comes in, which they were planning on releasing on launch but decided to delay).
- Flux Crash of 2015. (Prices skyrocketed after challenges were implemented)
- Bad trading system (Auction House needed).
- Hard start for new players not willing to spend money on the game due to the harsh economy.

Official Guide
http://www.trionworlds.com/trove/game/
    This game is pretty grindy towards end game, but for new players you'll will be able to catch up since it's really easy to do, my friend went from 2K PR to 15.5K PR in about 1 week worth of grinding. The game it not to hard, people say it's pay to win, but honestly, the only thing pay to win here is Dragon related stuff since they are hard to get. Other than that, it's a pretty fun game in my perspective and I still enjoy it today even though I have over 1000 hours, LOL. If you are new to the game and you have questions, then just go to a streamer and they will help you out :D
The game is great but the servers are just atrocious. I honestly wish steam had a mixed option instead of just recommend or don't recommend because thats where I would fall tbh. However the server lag has kept me away from the game these days sad :(
I've clocked in over 7000 hours on Trove, just not through Steam.

Here's a lengthy Tutorial Video to get you started. In it I'll explain how the game works because the in-game tutorial.. well there isn't any.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLZ4XgIlkjo
The video was created for XB1 & PS4 Trove Launch, but all the info applies to the PC version.
It was fun while it lasted. The game has just slowly been going downhill and has reached a point of where its like COC in that the start is quick and easy, but then it slowly gets more and more tedius and takes time until you spend like 3 days to level up once. Play it for a few days then drop it.
Trove

Very awesome game to play but I recommend playing with friends and family its a lot more fun

Great game for kids and older 

A lot of Dungeons to do and a lot of randomly generated worlds

Better Then Minecraft 

11/10

Highscores and speed runs to go for too

Warning: Its a very very Grinding Game so watch out and its hard to get to were the Alpha players are because they have taking out lots of items you can't get anymore

Meet you at the Hub
So this game is good a bit pay to win but if you have patron you can enjoy the game at it fullest ive had nothing that i can complain about exept one thing i tried to go into the game and i got stuck all the tima at the loading screens only fix for me was to reinstall the game and then it would update pretty weird but thats all the problems ive had

i reccomend this to ppl who dont really care if they have to put in a little bit of money and alot of time
Fun clunky, blocky game with nice rpg elements and dungeon clearing. Fun game, progression is also handled in a different manner than most games. I do like the overall game, only problem is finding friends to play with.
Hey all, so before you download this game, note that it is super time consuming as it takes days upon days of grinding to get the items needed for what it is that you want. I have a decent amount of hours into Trove, so i think i'm qualified to write a review here.

Let's start off with some good statements about the game and developers behind it. 

Trove is a free to play, RPG based game where you have to grind materials, gear, forms of transportation ( wings, dragons, etc. ) , and even costumes. Trove has a vast style range consisting of different weapon styles, gear styles, and costumes for individual that are all customizable and can be combined with different styles to make your hero unique to you. The gameplay is a very unique experience since it rely's on player based movement and stats. There's different hero's that you can use, with some ranging to all damage, or even all health to conquer all worlds and bosses, while still upgrading your characters abilities to make them even stronger than they are now. 

While this game is very fast paced, it has it's slow times as well. Grinding for the items can be very time consuming and seem to have no end. The server's connection to your platform is very poor, as you " rubberband " a lot. The game also has unexpected crashes, but won't give an explanation as to why it did crash. The developers are very unconnected with the players and only update the game if necessary. Please keep in mind that it does get updated, but not as frequent as it should be.
Do you like grinding? Do you like games that have a blocky art style? Well if so, you'll love trove! Do you like building? Do you like dungeons? Well if so, you'll love so! Dungeons + Grinding + 1/2 P2W = Trove | 65/100
Let me tell an amazing story about what trove what once was compared to what trove is now.

EDIT3: HERE IS A COUNTUP FOR THE TIME THE DEVELOPERS STILL HAVE NOT RESPONDED TO THIS REVIEW.
https://www.tickcounter.com/countup/22961/time-since-no-developer-reponse-for-my-top-review-on-trove-with-various-complaints

[h1]What was:[/h1]
An amazing sandbox/RPG style game that existed when I was in 8th grade(around 2 years ago). I would log in with one of my best friends and play, level, and build. Classes cost in game currency, so it only took around ~2 months for me of playing an hour a day to obtain every single class. Leveling was not difficult, mounts were not hard to get, and reaching max level was only a matter of time and not that far from people who spent money on this game. Market was somewhat balanced, item mall did not give too many OP items, and it was possible to see people reach max level without spending a single cent. Streamers were nice, loved the game(I was part of a streamer's guild and watched 20+ hours of his stream), and had massive giveaways that simply made every minute of this game fun to play. Grinding was not that annoying since drop rates were not unreasonable, and crafting materials were not so difficult to find or buy from others. When I would happen to get bored(very rarely), it would be a 'why not' to just go ahead and play some soccer from a stadium one of the guild members created. Toxicity and scammers were uncommon, since many people were flourishing and being quite successful both economically and emotionally. I was mastery 60/100 at that time after only about ~150 hours(before steam release obviously).
[h1]After Steam Release:[/h1]
Trove created a "Patron Pass", basically a premium subscription based system that when activated, gave double drop rate, double exp, and multiple other benefits. This seemed miniscule at first, since not only was this given out two weeks for free, the buffs do not look that overpowered at first. However, at a deeper glance, trove seemed to slowly lower drop rates for rare items, and people would have to rely on Patron benefits to simply live like the old life of the f2p player BEFORE the steam release. However, this by itself was not bad, since trove gained more populrity, Trion struggeld to keep servers up. Level cap increased to 200. I only pushed myself for another 40-50 hours to make myself readch around level 90/200. Many systems were added to late game characters that seemed to break the economy, as late game players were the ones with 99% of the money. Imagine the game's economy going into a elitist form of economy, that's how it became. Materials became 20x more expensive(Going from 1 flux to 20) and some items were downright impossible to afford. I realized even though I spend more than 150 hours on this game before steam release, I was no poorer than a brand new player who spent 10 hours after steam realease.
[h1]After the "Cancer Patch":[/h1]
This. This is the patch that ruined the game. Trion made it so classes could no longer be purchased with in game currency.  Trion claimed that this was to increase the variety among the classes and make people feel more individualized. However, nothing was actually done TO the classes to make them feel more different. In fact, besides a few unnoticable buffs/nerfs, classes remained virtually the same, so Trion failed to communicate that to the people. Although I had every single class(they released a class later that I obviously cannot get without giving them my cash), it seemed like a horrendously stupid move as more people started to actually play this game. 
The classes problem was only the beginning. They added flying mounts later(Dragons). At first this sounds like an amazing idea, as these flying mounts were faster than wings. However, you'd have to do daily quests every day for around a month to obtain one. That system was cancer, since logging in every day to do the same thing just to log out was monotonous and boring, Trion decided to scrap that system too. Since players were actually obtaining these mounts(How horrible right? /s), Trion decided to nerf this system and make a convoluted system where getting these dragons was near impossible and you would literally have to spend x3 the time getting these materials(since they divided the item into a 3 part item that needed to be crafted, hence x3 the time), getting these mounts was a fruitless endeavor.
As stated before, the economy was in ruin, so there was no way to be able to recover without buying items to sell in the item mall, or buying mounts directly that increased your level. I gave up at level 100/300, dirt broke even after grinding in the beta and doing 50 hours of grinding after steam release. Streamers have quit, even the streamer's guild I mentioned before had dissipated(LegendaryStudios). All my friends quit and think of this only as a 'meme game'. After Trion added more and more to the item mall that made this game completely pay2win, this game became a generic f2p that lost all originality that this game once was.  This game had a lot of history with me, and now that simply is just a memory.

Beta:
9/10
Steam Release:
5/10
"Cancer" Patch:
1/10

EDIT1:I have recently read other reviews and I have noticed a common pattern. Devs seem to ignore and lock threads that have expressed concerns for the huge amount of bugs(since I did not mention these in my original review), huge gameplay downsides, and obvious player distaste for the cancer patch. When the players showed their absolute animosity towards changing a major system in the game(such as the classes costing real money), Trion did NOTHING to calm down the players or change this horrible system.

EDIT2:I never knew this review would actually gain a lot of support from the steam community, so thanks for the support. However, I will say be wary of this review and if it gets taken down, you know what happened.
As a long term player, I used to stream this game for almost 1.5 years before officially quitting. I will state why, but we will go with the positives before the negatives.


[b] - Positives - [/b]

This game is great because of the community. I love this community as everyone I met were nice and helpful. I used to be with many great clubs. Whenever I have a question, I ask them and normally someone responds almost immediately (if and only if they are online at the time). Clubs are very nice to meet new players. I became an officer in a few clubs for being an awesome player and being very helpful.

Everything you do in this game makes you feel rewarded somehow; like earning a new dragon, or earning your new favorite skin. It can be anything. For example, you can spend a good amount of time (it can be frustrating at times) to earn a dragon, but once you finally got that. You are finally done. You completed an achievement. Hurray!


[b] - Negatives - [/b]

I have lost faith in Trion Worlds with their poor handle of the game. Slow on everything, banning players for doing something completely legit (fishing while watching a Netflix movie; yes this is bannable folks if you don't respond to a GM), always buggy or broken, poor performance and optimization, and more. I can name many.

I will talk about the major downfall of this game. Progression. It's HORRIBLE. When I mean horrible, it is really, really bad. It is VERY hard to progress at early stages, especially for new players. Reason? It's due to RNG. Majority of your power rank comes from gems. You have to spend countless hours just to farm a decent gem. It can be an ENTIRE MONTH just to get a perfect gem. Also, when you are upgrading your gems, you have to play another RNG of getting perfect rolls. Literally, everything in this game is RNG. I can name many; dragon fragments from certain tasks, opening caches for something good, what I said before with upgrading and decent gem drop, and more.

When something breaks in this game, it takes Trion ages to fix the issue. For example, a few bugs were in the game for almost an entire year where they finally fixed it. Really? It's been around that long and they finally fixed it? Like come on. They really priortize content over bug fixes. Like, 99% content, 1% bug fixing. They may have changed since then, but that's how it was back then.

My biggest pet peeve in this game is where Trion milk players for their money. Literally a lot of 'mastery points' comes from with real money. Also, this game is heavily p2w.. You need to play a lot of money in order to progress.

[b] - Conclusion - [/b]

What should I say about this game? I don't recommend this game to anyone anymore as the game attention span is around 2 weeks. A player will pick it up, play it, then quit. This game has really no way of keep the new players in. The community is very nice, but Trion Worlds is an awful company to deal with. I'm not going to stop people from playing this game, but it is their choice. They can try it. If they like it, nice; and if they don't, oh well.

Trove could have been better if it wasn't for Trion Worlds with their lazy ways. They chose to let this game die, losing many of their veteran players.

Again, I would not recommend Trove to anyone. It's best to pick up another game and play that game instead.
So... Trove...

My friend, many years ago got me into this game and I loved it! The game is simple to pick up and understand, It's full of baddies to slay and dungeons to plunder, and on top of that it's got a wide selection of interesting characters, all of which with different playstyles. And, in my opinion, the artstyle is really nice; Everything in the game is made of voxels, from the buildings to the characters to the weapons and mounts, and while it looks kinda odd in some ways, it's got charm.

But as much as I love the game, it's world and characters, I simply cannot reccomend it.

I hear many talk about p2w aspects of the game, and at first I never saw it but it's become much more prominent. And to make matters worse, progression in this game later on requires countless of hours of  g r i n d; levelling a character from level 0 to 10 is nothing and will take maybe an hour tops. Levels 10 to 20 will take maybe a day or two.... and from 20 to 30... Well, for me anyway, it took a few months....

And that's JUST for levelling the character themselves, and not acquiring better gear or gems; Both gear and gems can be levelled and that will ALSO take a long, drawn-out grind, and for gems specifcally it involves RNG.

But what about if you don't care about grinding? What if grinding never bothered you to begin with? Well, unfortunately Trove has issues beyond that, and that's in the gameplay itself. To make it brief, the gameplay is very simple and easy to pick up, but it lacks any real depth after that; Every character, while different visually, can end up doing the same 1-2 combo of attacks and abilities; For example the Knight class, a melee-user, you might hold down left click and press right click occasionally, and the same exact strategy can work for, say, the Dracolyte class, whom is a magic-user.

And even if you can look past all of that, much like I could, the final nail in the coffin was simply how broken the game was. This game featured some of the WORST rubberbanding latency I had ever seen, and it made some characters, like the Chloromancer, Gunslinger, and especially the Boomeranger literally unplayable due to how their kit worked. And even if you weren't playing those, it would screw over anybody playing anyone, either because the game forced you to miss a jump, or forced you to miss a dodge. I've heard it's since been fixed but frankly I don't believe that because they've said that before and it wasn't fixed.

In short, I'd like to reccomend Trove for it's simple design, fun characters, and enjoyable artstyle, but too many gameplay and technical hiccups make the game too much of an unenjoyable slog to bother. Maybe someday I'll sing a different tune, but not today.
I used to love Trove. And occasionally it sucks me back in. But even with closing on 700 hours of gameplay, I would not recommend this game to anybody [b]in its current state[/b].

Fact: Trove is a grind-centric game, and always has been. Progression comes from two primary sources:
[list]
[*]Collecting weapon/armor/mount skins, allies and more, which all progress the "mastery" system, granting rewards and account strength
[*]Levelling and gearing your class(es)
[/list]
This would not be so bad if not for the fact that experience is throttled to incentivize buying a "subscription" in the form of "patron status", which effectively doubles progression rate. Then, in terms of mastery, you regularly receive premium lootboxes called "chaos chests" as dropped loot, however recent changes have account bound them and their contents, when their contents amount to more than a common crafting material.

When I started playing, monetization was relatively minimal. Patron always existed, but there were many players buying tradeable passes, driving the player economy. Most of the rewards and currencies could be traded, and the dev lead stated that monetization would not be a focus in the game. This has changed, rather rapidly, over the past year or so as more and more items are being locked to accounts, while cash shop equivalents in the form of loot boxes have popped up. Formerly fair sales have been replaced with a "loyalty currency" that pales in comparison. Tradeable premium currency and Patron Pass options have dwindled to incentivize personal purchase, killing the game economy. Double Experience Potions were added to "weekly sales", and experience gain silently decreased. And yet in spite of all of these revenue sources the servers function as bad (if not worse) today as they did before the monetization upscale, and content improvements are so infrequent that it's easy to believe the game has been abandoned only to suddenly see a news article about a major update some six months to a year later, with enough content to keep you busy for about two days.

To put it bluntly, the developers became greedy. I don't know if this is due to pressure from Trion Worlds (who do not have the best monetization track record) or the development team just fell to the dark side. Either way, I strongly recommend looking to other F2P games to waste your time. Warframe, Path of Exile, and Guild Wars 2 (not on Steam) are all highly recommended and survive and grow on completely non-abusive F2P models and are far more deserving of your time and attention than what Trove has become.

Should things change and the development of this game shifts to stop trying to milk every cent out of its users, I'll happily change this review. I fully understand that they the game has to remain profitable to remain alive, but there's a fine line between being profit-viable and consumer-abusive, and Trove sadly crossed that line a long time ago.
Each new update just makes the game more pay to win. If you want to become powerful in this game, you have two options: grind the crap out of this game to make even one of your classes a shadow of what the top teir looks like, or join them by spending a ton of money. Trove used to be a fun F2P farming/grinding game that you could put money into to pay for cosmetics and such, but continues to become more of a P2W disappointmentment with each major update.

P.S. Disregard my hours played. I played for years on glyph and have over 2k total hours.
The dev team has got to be one of the most pants-embedded-in-skull backwards i've ever seen in terms of relating to their player base. If you're not one of the VIP-lister big names, you might as well not exist. If you are one of them, prepare to have the game rebalanced around your experience and given lavish rewards constantly just for being teacher's pet. I'm not exaggerating on this one - they recently as of the time of writing (05/01/2016) introduced Contests, where whoever has the most score in X category gets some pretty good prizes at the end of the week. Sounds fun? Well too bad this dev team are like fun mosquitos, because they managed to royally heck it up - mastery is a static statistic that can only possibly go up and catalogues how much stuff you've collected in the game. So those who already have everything get even more stuff, and those who are starting out get the finger.
On that statement, i'm once again not exaggerating - one of the first weekly contests was akin to "how many dungeons can you clear". This resulted in hordes of high-end players descending upon the lowest level worlds like a plague of jackass locusts and cleared all the dungeons in a crazed gluttonous frenzy that'd make the zerg themselves soil their carapace. Why is this bad? Because the new players couldn't get any levelling up done because all the dungeons had been one-shot by the high end turd brigade.

Now I know, you could put this one more on the community than the devs themselves. However, I don't believe for one second nobody internally didn't forsee this happening. Are you seriously going to tell me that a dev team which as far as i've seen consists of at least seven people (most likely quite a few more) didn't confer among themselves and think "Hey, we should probably put some kind of limit on this!"? What are they paying these nimrods in, pocket lint?

You may be noticing a trend here - that new players get the shaft a lot, and that I use the phrase "i'm not exaggerating" a lot. I'm having to throw in these disclaimers because as I type this myself there's still some itching, tickling feeling somewhere buried deep in my brain that tells me "Come on, no one can possibly develop something this stupid.". Oh they can. They can. Did I recall the nerfs to a whole bunch of stuff which has made the game harder than ever for new players to get into, at the profit of the highest-end dev suckup players? Let's list a few!

- Classes, formerly available for an ingame currency you get a small daily stipend of, are now pay-only. You can get five or so for free by jumping through some various hoops, but once you've done that you have to open your wallet and bend over, or leave. This wouldn't be so bad if some classes weren't outright gimped, so it's entirely possible for a new player to make five crappy picks and then just be stuck.

- Dragons, a form of personal progression that grant account-wide power, have been made harder and harder to get. Dragon coins, the ingame currency you need to unlock them, have been made untradeable so you've got to accumulate 300 per dragon all by your lonesome. How do you get them? Hourly challenges, where you've got 20 minutes to clear X amount of dungeons in a specific area... which you get bonuses for if you're in a high level world, and if you're using one of two classes randomly picked from all the currently existing classes. See how that's a problem when you're low level and don't have many classes unlocked? Well unlock all classes, and you ca- oh. Oh dear.

- Content expansions. The new expansion Mantle of Power just came out as of the time of writing, and jesu cristo crocodrillo. I'll get to the myriad of inherent problems with that in a moment. How does it affect new players? It affects them negatively because a bunch of options have been "re-balanced" (read: nerfed into oblivion) around the new high-end content. The knock on effects of this on new players seem to have been totally ignored - the players who already have few options other than "grind more" and "git gud". Double damage emblems which grant you a buff that actually makes you able to kill stuff in a reasonable timeframe got nerfed twice - first the ingame currency cost was raised, and then it got reduced to lasting something like 3 seconds, down from around 7 or 8. Why? Well, because **** YOU, THAT'S WHY. BUY MORE OF OUR STUFF.

That's just three pointers. I could go on all day, which you're probably feeling like I have already at this point, though in all honesty spending an equal amount of time reading this or playing Trove seems like you'd feel more accomplished after reading this.

Now as I said, the new expansion really shows off how creative the dev teams are. A lot of end game players were complaining that all they really had to do once they got there was grind grind grind. Don't worry, Avarem and his team have you covered! With the new themed elemental worlds to explore, you can do the following:
- Grind the same dungeons as before BUT ON THE SEA!
- Grind the same dungeons as before BUT IN LAVA!
- Grind the same dungeons as before BUT IN THE SKY!
- Fight a zerg rush of boss monsters for a randomized prize that you can only get out of a chest if you brought a key that you can only get randomly from a box that randomly drops, the prize being a gem that you need to level up BUT there's a random chance of failing to level up and smashing the gem into a million bits but don't worry there's an item in our cash shop that can repair the gem and then you can break it again because you had the audacity to try and make progress but don't worry, BEND OVER PEASANT, IT'S WALLET TIME.

Then, there's gems. Ohhhhh boy. Okay. This one's going to take a bit of explaining for the layman's benefit, but at this point you've already read the 500 meters, why not go for the reading marathon? Reading is good for you!
So pre-release in Trove the gear system was.. not great. Gear could only be improved so far, so it was possible to get a "bad drop" which would have terrible stats you don't want and you'd be stuck with it unless you want to go find some other thing. If it was a high level drop with bad stats? Too bad for you, grind more. This was rather unpopular and was eventually replaced with the current system where any piece of gear can be forged all the way up from the lowest to the highest quality and you could re-roll the random stats. Get a cool-looking sword with bad stats on it? No problem, just get some crafting materials to muck with it a bit until you've got the stats you want on it and you're good.

Now gems, the new "power yourself up" thing comes out... and they run off the old gear system they scrapped that nobody liked.
What.
Not only that, but you can't see all the stats on them from the get-go. You have to upgrade them at a not-at-all cheap cost (which can fail and smash the gem as previously stated), at which point you can despair at your wizard being equipped with a physical damage gem ALL ALONG, that you need to pay to remove from the slot.
Doublewhat.
I despair to think anyone in the dev team thought they were being clever with this. Folks didn't like it once, they ain't gonna like it a second time with a bit of window dressing on it, genius!

Wow, i've actually hit the character limit on reviews. Weird.
Closing word: I looked up the lead dev's development history. He has worked exclusively on flops, and it shows here. This game had potential, but not with this jerkoff leading the show. Burn the fields, salt the earth, start over - there's not going to be any good gaming to be found here until Trion does that.

Also note the dev response doesn't really address anything set forth here. Good job!
I began playing this game in the earlier stages of it in 2015 with some friends. When the game first came out it was one of the most addictive games i had played in years; the dungeons were original and the amount of biomes was the perfect amount between overwhelming and bland. The amount of characters you can choose from are quite spectacular with it and offer a wide range of gameplay within it. This was my initial feeling of the game, but has changed in the past year or so.

I will start off by saying that i do very much enjoy the game, and still continue to play it (100+ hours on steam as well as 400 hours on their own glyph launcher independant of steam), but with some of the things that happen in game makes me write a different review for it.

In the beginning of the game it was very easy to get started and straight forward, chat was calm, people were helpful (sometimes still are) and you could trade almost everything you had. Now, however, that is not the case; over the couple years (early to mid 2016 i believe) they released this update that adjusted the characters abilities, as in strengthening them and adding one of the most grindy things i have seen: gems. The game is very hard to start off as a beginner because it is so overwhelming to begin, everything is so confusing because the tutorial is still what it was in the early game (which means it misses a lot of content that is needed) and leveling up is the most painful thing to do then. You would really have to dedicate a ton of time to this game to actually get anywhere, because almost everything (75%) is based solely on RNG (Random Number Generation). This means that the chances of getting a GOOD gem for your character is quite low and will make you grind for tens of hundreds of hours just to get a few good gems (although just recently they are adding a feature to remove the bad stats on a gem). My girlfriend, one of my best friends, as well as me still continue to play this game is it gives us great enjoyment, but we are not able to help any of our friends because barely anything useful (aka gems) is able to be traded, so you could have an amazing gem for your friend, but you cant give it to them. in my personal opinion i would rate this game as a 7/10, but for the sake of beginning players and the challenges it brings, i would say this game is a 3/10.

EDIT: My previous statement of actually enjoying this game has been retracted; this update that just came out has completely ruined any enjoyment i once had for this game. Trion is basically making the game feel like its only about making money and not about their fanbase. They completely disregard their fanbase in their PTR and went along with it. One of the new bosses in Shadow Tower (just below DotM) is utterly broken and would need nearly max PR in game to even beat it (whereas DotM is an easy sweep despite it being higher up). I can no longer appreciate this game because there is grinding four a milenia to get nothing good, and will take another to just beat this new boss. Any respect i once had for Trion industries is now gone and all my friends that played alongside with me also believe that Trion is so money hungry that they can't even see how much they have ruined this once fun game. Limitations on upgrades for gems is atrocious; these new gem upgrades are complete garbage even though it will cost you a ton of valuable resources. These upgrades are limited to a certain amount per week because it uses the loot from shadow towers which is stupid af. They overhyped the re-rolling feature for gems so much and they really dissapointed many people by having to spend a week's resources to make one or two. To explain how bad the ST is now, my friends and i were able to solo all the hard tower, whereas now the three of us can't even beat the bloody new boss on hard. These developers deserve every ounce of critizism that comes their way. 

In Short if you didn't want to read my rant: dev's became too hungry for many and created a monster that requires you to pay or grind for years.
As you can tell from my hours played, I have enjoyed SOME of my time in trove. I've never had a lot of fun on mmo's as they seemed to lack a certain something be it story, or imaginative quests, overly repetitive missions. Trove fails in all of these aspects, but the unique ability to build/destroy in the over worlds and club worlds and the creativity shown on the part of the designers always something that kept me around and playing. Recently however the developers have seemingly stopped caring about the game. The recent patches have added content that can only be described as pay-to-win. The three largest problems are: their introduction of the gem system, their completely lackluster server performance, and their almost hostile refusal to accept criticism.

It first started with the introduction of the gem system. In which you must grind for gems to equip to a character. Finding a decent gem to equip can take upwards of 3 hours of constant grinding or longer depending on your luck, as each gem is given by a randomized loot box that is in itself is a random drop from dungeons. Each character can hold up to a maximum of 9 gems. Then these gems must be leveled which takes gem fragments that are given for destroying unwanted gems. The leveling gems again introduces an RNG system in which you can pay in-game currency and dust to have a random chance at leveling up the gem or possibly breaking the gem, which in turn then takes a separate time-gated currency to repair. As an added bonus, you cannot remove these gems from characters once socketed unless of course you pay the time-gated currency to unsocket them. Overall your looking at hundreds of hours of grinding and months of waiting for the time-gated currency to fully level one characters gems. Not to mention that recent patches have added mounts that grant stats increases to all of your character that can take, literally over 600 HOURS of grinding to unlock, or, of course, you can buy loot boxes with cash for an extremely low chance at one of them. 

The other problem is their servers. Upon opening this game you can tell within minutes that they do not have the capability to run this large of an mmo. Lag is a constant concern in the game, so much so that certain characters whose abilities are based on skill-shots/ fast fire rates are near unplayable at times because of the inability to hit the enemy from server lag. The developers are well aware of this problem so much so that they seemingly have started to develop around these issues. In game you are capable of using potions to restore health, however, due to unbelievable server lag the chances of you actually being capable of using a potion before you die is next to none. Therefore they have introduced a potion that auto-consumes on low health, of course they have also made this potion the most expensive one in the game by nearly doubling the price. The largest concern happened when they released their latest content patch during which they have stated they are being DDoS attacked. They servers have been disconnecting everyone every 20 minutes for the past 6 DAYS. Now during this event the developers commented that this attack was not directed at them and would be fixed soon. All of which is seems massively unbelievable as if they were not the target its amazing that it coincided with their latest patch, and if it is a DDoS attack, this is an exceptionally long one, during which they have done nothing to try to circumvent the issue. 

This brings me to their inability to take any criticism at all. As you can imagine a lot of the long term community is aggravated about the recent patches that introduced time-gating, overly excessive RNG, poor server performance, etc. However if you look at their official forums they seem to have only overly positive responses and forum posts. This obviously is because they ban anyone who makes any sort of criticism to the games current problems. Recently I was banned for posting this response to their DDoS attack post https://i.imgur.com/bynGOFk.jpg for “trolling other players”. 

TLDR: The game is rife with RNG, loot boxes, and uncaring developers. Which is a shame because there is an absolutely amazing MMO with real creativity under the layer of all of this crap that has recently been added. Shame, but I think I'm finally done with this game. 
PS. I would love a developer to comment the state of their servers since apparently asking a developer to on their forums is ban-worthy. After all I've given over 2 thousands hours into this game, and more than enough money to by a new AAA game, the least I think I deserve is answer.
Hm.... How should I put this? I mean, this is a great game, I had loads of fun with it, I have played it for months, drawed friends in, see them go away from this game, I've seen it update and change many things, but I stopped playing because of one of the updates. I think it is called officially "the heart attack update", but I prefer to call it "the pay to win update" Many things now (like different classes) have to be paid with the premium coin of the game (credits), and it bugs me because I was saving cubits (the non-premium coin of the game) to buy all of the classes at once, but now I can't! Also, many items from the store (like pets, rides, etc) have dissapeared, what makes them unobtainable. It's just senseless, I'm so dissapointed to where this game is going. 
I used to like this game, but not really anymore.
I believe I have played this game enough to be qualified to write a review for this game.

If you asked had asked me if I would recommend this game in 2015, then I would say yes.

Now?

Absolutely not.


Allow me to explain - 

Trove was a game that a large group of friends and I could bond over and play as a complete collective. It had amazing dungeon-based raids, a completely player-based market, and an amazing community as a whole. The game would range in from playing the game, getting high amounts of loot, transferring that loot into materials, to upgrade your current gear. You would then need a way to make the in-game currency, called Flux. I remember several different ways, like recipe farming, or fishing for glim, another currency, and using that glim to purchase pets to sell for Flux.

Now mind you, I probably have rose-colored glasses on since I played it so long ago, but I'm fairly certain it was a strong game, based purely on the fact that it was run by the players for the players, yet you had the option of purchasing characters from the actual ingame store, or the costumes. Even then, you could buy cosmetics from the player-market.

However, this all changed when the company got a little too fucking greedy with their policies.

Originally, there was a currency you would get for completing achievements and logging on - which you could use to purchase different types of potions, characters, or just generally any item that may not have been free without actual currency.

They swiped it away however for the sake of making more fucking money - which was excusable at first, but those less fortunate could not purchase the characters they wanted.

Now, in the game, tier levels existed for gear. You had a base level, of I believe like 20, then you could raise that level with gear upgrades.

It only went over about 20 more levels, where it reached max.

Now mind you, these tiers you couldn't just purchase, you had to actively grind and work for it, playing the market to your tune and manipulating it while farming and raiding in smart ways.

If you log on now, you can effectively get max rank with the use of money, and everyone else that may have been equal, are now completely lower than you.

The game was always fairly grindy and, to a degree, boring. (if played for an unholy amount of hours)

The reward, was popping off in the same tier you were stuck in, and oneshotting everything.

But now, they have completely said fuck all to that system, and just said, "Hey, if you can get mommies credit card, then you can get max leveled gear and completely fucking dominate without any actual work."

It was a fun game, but if you look at the DLC content for the game, you can just fucking see the cash grab potentional.

That's sadly the story.
(Been playing since 12-22-2015 on Glyph. Switched to Steam in 2017 for mods)

This game has so much potential to be something else. I'm going to list a few flaws that keep this game from becoming a good MMO. I'm assuming you know atleast a bit of Trove before reading this, as I won't be explaining much. 

1. The servers are complete garbage. You can be standing by someone who has bad internet and be effected by their lag. You can be casually farming and rubberband 20 feet backwards. You can be playing a ranged character and be shooting a chest to open it, when you would beat the dungeon in a split second. Let me say that again - It takes longer to break a chest than to kill a boss. 

2. The time-gated content. I understand that this is a F2P game with it's buyable content, but you didn't even make all time-gated content available in the store. Make everything CREDIT (in-game currency that can be obtained by F2P and P2P) and not pure cash. This makes P2P players even more likely to buy credit pouches and sell them in the market for F2P. It's just good to be consistant, and as of now the store is not consistant in any perspective.

3. Tradable items. I don't know why you're doing this. Tradable dragon coins, chaos chests (and all the loot in chaos chests) was fine to begin with. I'm not sure if you're aware but this is KILLING YOUR GAME. Stop making everything untradable. The droppable chaos chests were a good idea that I think should stay along side them being tradable. And no, the chaos crafter solution wasn't a good idea. If you kept chaos chests and all the loot tradable, people would just buy what they wanted from the market and wouldn't have to care about getting X amount of bones for that new mount. Just keep the new chaos cores and make chaos chests tradable again. Besides, why is there a system to replace tradable items in the first place? That's impressively stupid.

Besides, this is an MMO. You interact with other players. So why are 90% of useful items untradable? 

4. There was no reason for you to remove the Pearl of Wisdom vendor. Because of that pearls are hard to find and their prices has jumped 10x the original price. Who thought that was a good idea? Pearls for 1k flux was perfect and no one found them to be a bother. This is not really a reason in itself, but an example of how clueless the devs are to situations like these. They've never responded to why they made this change, but alas it happend and ruined pearls for new players.

5. There is next to none cooperation. As an MMO, you'd think there would be roles and DPS charts for us right? With people building their classes to be specifically for that? Well sorta... It's either tanking or damage. I guess you could say damage could be burst or DoT but that still doesn't change the point. Chloromancer was originally intended to be a healer, but I don't think the devs even understand how a support class would work. And because of that, Chloromancer is not a support and more DPS. It really does not matter what class you pick because in the end it's gonna be a Candy Barbarian pulling and a Gunslinger ulting that's gonna out DPS you by sometimes 10x. This leads on to my next point.

6. The combat is terrible. I remember a developer for another game was talking about this. "When a player finds out what's optimally the best option, they're going to abuse that option. Even if it's not fun for them." This is exactly Trove atm. As soon as you find out your optimal DPS output with your class you're not going to be using anything else unless you want to lose damage. A good example is the Shadow Hunter. As soon as you get your class gem all 3 of your abilities are practically useless now. Unless you want a short burst with your ult, in that case it's still a buggy ability and usually doesn't hit in the first place so you're better off using that 300% auto. Either that or for shooting through blocks with your ult or m2. In my opinion, abilities should not be situational gimmicks.

7. The entire implementation of gems. So already doing dungeons is tiring and repeated throughout your entire playthrough and onwards. Just because the biome is different or the enemies shoot or punch doesn't make it fucking different. Oh wow i'm doing dungeons in the sky instead of the land thanks to elemental worlds. It's not diverse in any way and is mind numbing how RNG and time consuming the process is to find a good gem. 

At the moment in end-game, you farm uber 9 for a time period, open your boxes, rely on RNG to give you a half decent gem, if not loot collect it and repeat. However, if it's a good gem upgrade it and equip right? Wrong. You have to check where the boosts went in your gem forge. Oh what's that? Three boosts into all 3 stats? Then I guess it's a trash gem so sell it and repeat.

That's not even scratching the surface of how badly made these little fuckers are. Not even mentioning gem augments. Ugh fucking augments dude. They're overpriced little shits that are the essence of endgame P2W. They even made achievements for fully augmenting your gems, as if they didn't know how fucking expensive it is. 

And empowred gem boxes are a fucking joke, let's be honest here. Wow I did Daughter of the Moon on ultra this week, opened 6 empowered gem boxes, got shitty radiants that find their way into the loot collecter in a matter of seconds, crafted a stellar empowered gem box and got shit again. Damn, guess i'll wait next week. OH WAIT! You can buy credits and get empowered gem boxes through that. And you can also buy gem booster boxes for credit! It's almost like they intended that, haha.

If the odd chance you get a stellar 3 star, you still can't be garenteed the ability you want which is 9 times out of 10, Pyrodisk, Cubic Curtain and Explosive Epilogue. Or  exclusively Stinging Curse if you're a Pirate Captian. (Which you shouldn't be playing anyways because Gunslinger does more damage right?)

Just make sure when you're upgrading that stellar 3 star Pyrodisk gem that the boosts don't suck or else you'll have to find another! Yay!

They even made upgrading your gems P2W, grindy, luck-based and expensive! I don't understand how you can fuck up so hard and not realize.

A clunky, poorly designed, luck-based, grindy and expensive system that is 3/4 of the player's power rank and usually all of their damage because of how crit damage and base damage scales together. Not to mention the crit hit aswell.

Edit: Decided to edit this for a more recent review. With the geode update up on the rise you can clearly tell the developers have no fucking sense of direction to head this game. The mining fest that feels like a mobile game with it's timegates. I cannot believe this is the same game I once had fun playing. 

So how can I summerize geode? Well, I bet you wont believe this - Grindy, repetitive, slow and p2w. An update that was supposed to be for the plot and preperation for Uber 10+? More like a mine fest that takes away all your movement options. 

Well atleast we know our augmented gems are safe from future updates after the question was asked for 2 months.

Conclusion: So ask yourself why every player who has hundreds of hours invested picks on this game? Probably because it sucks.

I know i'm missing a lot of issues, but yet again this is just a small list. I don't like where this game is headed. The devs are working hard and doing great at the wrong things. I don't think anyone would give a shit about a new class if they just fixed most of the problems above. Again, they're great at their job but work on the wrong things. At the game's current state I advise you to play it to see how flawed it is, or ignore it.

so anyways fuck trion and their tendency to ruin all their games.

sorry about formating and grammar. Languages
From a guy who wasted 700 hours on this game...


Well it just seems about right for me to do this considering the amount of time I've wasted, lets begin with the good parts, shall we?

[h1] Steam Realease [/h1] 
-The first time i got the game was about 2 months into the Steam realease.
  It was great, it felt perfect the way it was. In about 3 months time i got all the classes,
  which you could get with in-game currency awarded each day you logged on.
-It was really easy to get most collectables such as the mounts. The dragons where the
  bomb! You'll get a chance to get souls to unlock these dragon mounts on hourly
  challenges, and being the guy I was, I spent hours on end in the game farming these boxes
-Most droprates where decent, with enough time and patience you'll get everything you
  wanted. The trading scene wasn't that great (or at least I got scammed sometimes, that's
  on me), but it was fair trades and good people.

Overall I had a great time and got some good friends.

-But then... the"Patron Pass" came into play...
-It IS basically paying a monthly fee for X2-3-4-5-6.... ON EVERYTHING, and of course
  being poor the only thing you could do is farm... and farm... and farm...
-the game became repetitive. 
-The Dragon mounts became X3 harder to get because of the amount of stuff 
  you need to craft them.
-THE F*CKING CLASSES! WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT? THEY MADE THEM SO THE
 ONLY WAY YOU COULD GET THEM IT'S EITHER PAY REAL MONEY FOR EM, OR GET
 A "CLASS COIN" WHICH IT'S F*CKING EXPENSIVE WITH IN-GAME CURRENCY. It would 
 literally take you 6 months to get one, IF, you don't have the stupid patron pass...



Im not even going to talk about "The mantle of Power upd." cause I wasnt there when it began, but i was there... trying to grind those goddamned gems... 700 HOURS and I, just because I didnt wanted to spent 20 hours a day farming the stuff to get stronger gems and stronger characters, and I also don't own the money to just waste on E-Goodies, was most probably the weakest player on the game...  


Would I recommend this game.... No... unless you have money you'll like to burn... or your parents really don't care what you do with their credit card...
I love this game, I really, truly do. Its a lot of fun, but it has literally the WORST servers I have ever seen, so bad that the game becomes unplayable at times. You'll wind up doing no damage to enemies, teleporting 20+ feet constantly, enemies will hit you from miles away ect ect. This game is amazing, but the servers make this just unbearable.
Classes can no longer be purchased with Cubits.

PS: Now China region dlc price none too 清真.


October 3, 2016:

Club officer can't use /zonerestrict command?  *a month after fix!
I started playing Trove around its initial release and had so much fun I believe the majority of my logged hours are from 2015. I love my memories of the game: exploring endless biomes and dungeons getting cool loot and log in bonuses, when I could buy a new class for 5500 cubits, which were easy to obtain. I even sat through 30-60 minute log in queue times because of server overload. And unfortunately memories are all that will be because of how downhill its gone and P2W this game has become. Nothing feels good about grinding anymore considering that no matter how much time you devote to the game it feels like you're making zero progress unless you submit to paying, which I never have for this game and never will. Hopefully one day the devs realize what a mess Trove has turned into and can find some way to restore it to its former glory.
Trion, please dont kill the game. You are shooting yourself in the foot with the ''Patron pass''. When the game launched it was great but now they have added a patron pass which forces you to buy to get almost anything in a reasonable amount of time, i loved this game but its changed.... for the worse with the ''Pay to do things faster'' mentalilty that alot of devs have got now. They could have implemented a better system for Microtranscations or subscriptions but this almost forces you to by the pass. Not good, not good.
This game used to be fun. But after the new major update, the game is not exactly recommendable to new players.

pros
-creativity - it's like minecraft but in the form of mmorpg

-various options of costumes, mounts, weapon skins, wings, etc. It's fun to collect them, and it's the main reason why I play this game.


cons
-After the major update last year, the game changed a bit pay-to-win-like. Some 12 year olds say that this game became totally pay-to-win game, but not yet; you can upgrade your character as same as everyone else with same limit, but a bit slower than pay-to-play gamers.

-Marketing sucks. Some people can see this as a minor issue, but the trailers the developers have been putting out are very straight-forwardly targeting 12 year olds, making this game seem immature for older/adult gamers. This adds to the bigger problem of making trove community a giant cancer. 

-Trove community is cancer. Bunch of 12 year olds spitting tumor everywhere in the chatroom. Clearly, devs don't care about harassment in online community. This is pretty sad because I see a lot of newbies hurt their feelings after 1 hour of gameplay and just quit. Bunch of immature kids don't even know how to properly talk and spit trash everywhere. And the funny thing is that they know their shitty place; when devs come to live chat with everyone, they extensively kiss devs' asses (yeah this is totally a Role Playing Game, role playing of douche and kissass).

-And what's with this power rank showing. Everyone bullies another one and talks shit just because that player has lower power rank. I get it devs, I like the idea of power rank; it makes players thrive to achieve next rank. But do you have to show them publicly to everyone? Power rank is not a badge or title. PR doesn't show the gamer's achievement, but it shows players' value in the battle. IT SHOWS PLAYERS' VALUE INSTEAD OF WHAT THEY ACHIEVED. This power rank showing worsens this harassment and bullying. Apparently a number of youtube streamers talked about this and tried to notify devs, but devs clearly don't give a hot shit in other players' opinions.

-------gameplay issue
-excessive resource requirement for crafting after the major update. A mount's value (craftable mounts in advanced bench) increased from net value of about 35k flux to about 100k flux. This is one of the reason why ppl call this p2w game. 100k for a mount? This is insane for f2p gamers. Though understandable because mounts are just cosmetics, not really affecting the gameplay itself.

-extreme lagging. My computer and wifi are way over-spec for this game, but it lags a lot. Devs need to improve the game server. Mobs don't get damaged, dungeon/achievement rewards vanishes, sudden teleportation to everywhere, and so on are all because of this laggy server. Even ps4 users are experiencing this problem, so this is seriously problematic.

---------------
If one of the devs looks into this, I strongly suggest the devs to put "report abuse" button in Trove, just like any other mmo games, balance the crafting resources, do something about power rank bullying issue, and fix the general game server.

All in all, I strongly suggest new players to keep in mind that trove community is cancer, and you wouldn't achieve a lot if you are a free-to-play gamer. The game could be fun if you stay away from the majority of trash talking players, which is over 90% of the trovians, but it kinda defeats the purpose to play "mmo game" if you don't interact with another.

I would NOT recommend anybody to play Trove, I used to enjoy playing Trove every day for over a year (through the Glyph launcher which doesn't add hours to your Steam before you ask) but the game has become a cesspit ever since they made the game disgustingly pay to win out of greed. A few of the people who manage Trove are very rude, greedy and not above lying to their playerbase to satisfy their own agenda.

I personally have seen management lie to thousands of people to make themselves look like the innocent people on a number of occasions, impossible to trust a company without morals.

I had to speak to 6 people to try and resolve a simple problem and in the end I spoke to the CEO who was rude, lied to me and even swore in his emails to me.

This game used to be good but now it's a solid 0/10, don't waste your time.

Btw, if you're going to comment something incredibly stupid before reading my entire review and realising that I've played this game for hundreds of days through the Glyph launcher which doesn't add hours to Steam then I'll just delete your comment as it's irrelevant.
What was once a decent game has been ruined by the devs jacking the price of everything up x10 and then wiping everyones characters and home worlds to force them to either grind forever or pay real money to get what they already earned back.

Plus the new character dabs. Avoid.
long story short: it was a fun game. it was kinda like a childish fun for everyone. it was really good and we saw a real good potential in the future.. hell! it could turn into a very good rpg game with a story and real maps n shit but then... they went money hungry and forgot everything about improving the game and the community all they want is cash.  now it sucks. dont waste ur time like me and my friends did. Shame.. I really had faith in this one..
I keep dreaming that, one day, someone will appear, take over Trion, and turn Trove into the game it used to be. A time when you could easily obtain all of the classes (you didn't need flux or tokens, you could just buy it with these things called "cubits". I know, I'm old.) There was also a time when the flux market wasn't so completly broken (at least, it was when I last played it. From what I hear from those who are still playing Trove, flux has become even more of a commodity.) Otherwise, it was actually a really nice game, until the devs decided to squeeze it like the money-lemon it was. It was even a game I would have considered spending money to support, I'm just glad I didn't. That said, I highly reccomend that you don't give these guys any of your time.
Are you interested in endlessly grinding for no reason? Then this game is for you. 

Used to be passion behind this game but Trion / devs have since devolved it into a shameless cashgrabbing scheme, with no apparent desire to actually improve / fix the game. Unless you count adding countless shit to waste 100+ hours grinding for as improving / fixing the game.
Trove is a game that I used to love. I remember first playing it over six months ago, chosing the Ice Sage. I started it out with my friend, learning the mechanics and the controls of the game. I loved running through huge dungeons with my friend and loving it so much. It was actually a challenge; it took time and precision as I was a lower level. There was actual strategy; I'd use my 'Big Freeze' ability, while my friend would lash the enemy with fire and I'd throw icicles onto him. It was fun!

I then found out the Ice Sage apparently 'wasn't great' in solo play, so I decided to start using the Lunar Lancer. It was fun. I levelled up more, hitting level 30 and trying to get the best gems possible.

And now I'm sitting here with over 15000 power rank and I've realised that I've just had enough, and here is why.

Trove has, as most people know, become incredibly Pay-To-Win, making it very difficult for new players to get a good start. Making progression without things such as patron can be very difficult and easily causes lower levelled players to lose interest. Trion favours higher levelled players (a dying few) and endgame players more than the new ones, rewarding them for being a higher level with things such as contests that are only possible to get something decent from with a higher level, or higher mastery. 

The item system is quite boring as well. Most classes need just damage, energy regeneration/attack speed, and some critical damage and critical hit. There isn't a fun system where you could spend hours coming up with the best build for your class to make it personalised and more fun. The weapons are mediocre as well, not giving any cool abilites or buffs/debuffs that could be used to the players advantage. This makes the game more redundant and repetitive.

And don't get me started on the gem system. This is possibly one of the worst parts of Trove; it's based completely around Random Number Generation and luck, not skill or level or time. I've played for six months and only ever gotten one perfect Empowered gem. I've also farmed over 1000 stellar gem boxes and gotten one perfect power rank gem, but with health regeneration. This is because it is based around luck, not time or skill put into the game. 

I realised this only recently, but I've had enough of a game where RNG is the only way to succeed; not time played, not level, not effort, just luck. And this completely ruins the game. Trove has so much potential; the devs could add incredible updates improving the gem system, making the more farmable, improving the weapon system to make it a little bit more interesting, and fixing all of the things that are broken about the game, such as ridiculous store prices, stupid updates preventing different things being done and removing important things from the game. Instead, they're spending weeks on end just to add a minigame that is broken and doesn't even work properly.

I've just had enough of it. Sure, I might play to build things in my club and to spend some time messing around, but I've completely given up on everything else.

If you're looking to play this game because you want to play an MMORPG, I'd recommend playing another game. Sure, it can be fun at first but in reality it's almost wasted. I can suggest some other really good RPG's, such as the Borderlands Franchise or Terraria. But if you really want something this grindy and this repetitive, go ahead an play it.

Good job Trion, looks like you're planning to ArcheAge everything.

Anyway, if you got to the end of this review, good job. Hope it changes your perception of it all. Have a good day everyone.
Go back a year in time and I can definetely recommend you play this game. However, times have changed, and once again moneyhungry devs destroy a great game via introducing paywalls and making the game P2W.

Once, classes were plenty and you could unlock them all within a short while of playing if you did the daily missions, because class used to be bought with cubits, and were cheap.

But, you guessed it, the devs fucked it up. Introducing: PAYWALLS™. Classed are now restricted and can only be unlocked via class coins, which you can trade flux, an in-game currency, for. Thing is, the tradable coins are very expensive on the player market, and getting one without trading for it requires you to sacrifice your money.

Locking classes wasn't nearly the only thing that the devs did to this game, but it's what most motivated me to quit a long time ago.
**Edit** My account was unbanned today w/o any response from support. I will wait to see what they say before changing this back to a recommend (as i stated the game does have many good qualities to it [enough to make you want to play through all the problems i listed except the random ban]).

Let me start off by saying I have many hours in this game and am incredibly qualified to give a review. From my hours invested you can tell that the game has some really good features (as I found it worth playing); however, there are some incredibly bad ones that make this game unable to be recommended.

First off: They just banned me for no reason, after not getting a warning or a report in over 2000 hours of gameplay. 

It is in the ToS, so it is their right; but, do not give these people your money or time as they can do it at any time for any reason or no reason at all. It is wholly unprofessional for a company to ban players w/o notifying them why or how long the ban is for.

On top of that:
The game runs poorly. It crashes at a consistent rate. It even crashes steam sometimes when it crashes and leaves the glyph launcher up. The servers are horrible (think "rubberbanding" constantly when there are more than a couple people near you). There are glitches that have been in the game for years that have not been fixed (I just reported one for candy barbarian involving its leap skill). Another glitch involves blocks called "anti-gravity". They are supposed to be impassible in the opposite direction of the block; however, it constantly glitches out and lets people through. There are plenty more but you can check the thousands of glitch reports to find those.

This degree of unplayability constitutes this game as BROKEN under the Steam ToS. If you find that you experience these issues I highly suggest you report the game using the flag on the store page. It will either get the game taken down or force the dev team to fix the numerous issues the game faces.

AGAIN: Do not give these people your time or money. I have been an active player on and off for years and help in global chat (and the clubs I am in) every day I am on. This adds up to hundreds of hours helping the community. That did not matter to them. I am working on an appeal right now; but, short of some ridiculously good apology I cannot recommend this game in any sort of way (either casual or serious). Even if I get my account back I am probably quitting. I would just like to give away my items and my clubworld so they aren't wasted.
[i]Key is below.[/i]

[h1]Rating:[/h1] 4/10
[b][u]Hours:[/u][/b] 90
[b][u]Future Hours:[/u][/b] Unlikely
[b][u]Spent:[/u][/b] $0.00
[b][u]Dollars per Hour:[/u][/b] N/A
[b][u]Quick Review:[/u][/b] Don't let my many hours deceive you, I got sucked into this game because a large group of my friends were all into it, and because for a while I was lost in the grind for better gear. While that's not necessarily a bad thing, grinding for gear, the problem I quickly discovered was that all gear could eventually end up identical, it was just a matter of, well grinding. I personally am not a fan of this design, because I enjoy the element of RNG that comes with defeating a boss and hoping to level you gear, only to realize the boss dropped someone so much better. There was also very little point to anything beyond the gear grind.
[b][u]Recommendation:[/u][/b] If you love grinding, go for it. Don't get it if you're into Minecraft or other voxel-based construction games, that's not what this is about. It's also nothing like Cube World if you are looking for a time-filler until that game updates (ha good one). Trove is free, so theres no harm in checking it out, but do yourself a favor and resist the urge to buy the cosmetics and mounts and all that, the game is definitely not worth sinking money into.

-----------------
[h1]Key[/h1]

[b][u]Review Style:[/u][/b]
- Based on a simple concept: You are buying a game to get enjoyment out of it, so look at how much money you spent for the time that game gave you enjoyment, and decide if you feel it was worth it based on that along with you overall enjoyment with the game.

[b][u]Future Hours:[/u][/b]
[Unlikely] - I'm probably done with it. This doesn't strictly mean it was bad
[Few] - Will play it again, but not for much longer
[Fair] - Will keep playing it, probably for a good amount longer
[Many] - I'm far from ready to set this game down

[/u][/b]Rating:[/u][/b] 
This is my overall rating for the game, based on everything discussed. If you want a simple score, this is it. Based on Dollars per Hour and overall feeling of the game. Only 10 is Mass Effect 1 and 2 so far, so we are with the "only one 10" rule for now.
Trove is an amazing game with a ton of potential, but it is ruined by 2 things which hold it back.
Firstly, the game is heavily grindy and many items are time gated. Now, this wouldn't be such an issue if the in-game store was sensible and the items in it would be worth the often insane price you are paying. The developers seem to be unaware of the value of the items as they keep pricing everything super high. For example: You can buy a dragons from the in-game store for £38. Collecting dragons is a long-term goal and most players will be able to get a dragon a week pretty reliably. While the dragon they offer is without a doubt, one of the more time consuming dragons to get (As it is essentially locked behind a random event that takes place every hour), it is not impossible to obtain it normally as I have done it without much hassle. Sure, the pack with the dragon also offers some other goods, but in a game with so much content, those extra few caches you get are pretty much useless. I wonder what fantasy land the developers of the game are living in, where an item that is a little time-gated is worth the price of a nintendo switch game? Monitization is fine, but this is a straight up scam. Did I mention that there are 2 of these packs by the way?

For a development team that basically scams players out of their money, you would expect the game to at least run smoothly... but no! While I like the fact that the system requirements for the game are low, I am really bothered by several things: No. 1: The player gets disconnected from the game constantly, forcing the world to reload and just waste your time. This doesn't seem like a big problem, but it becomes much worse when it happens half the time you try to change worlds. No.2: Trove suffers from a major issue where after playing the game for more than 20 minutes, you will suffer major FPS drops, forcing you to relog. While this is only a minor inconvenience, it becomes really annoying once you have played the game long enough. No.3: Trove is plagued by insane rubberbanding. While the game runs fine most of the time, sometimes the rubberbanding becomes so bad that I cannot make progress at a resonable pace, forcing me to stop playing the game for a few hours in hopes of it getting better. Many might question my internet quality at this point, but rest assured I have monitored whether my internet could have been the culprit, and it most certainly wasn't.

All of this from a game which literally has an achievement (badge) for spending over $1000 on the game... gross...
In all honesty, I am very discouraged to continue playing the game as it appears that the game developers only care about getting payed, rather than caring about the players. For the record, I love the game and would love to play it more and spend time on it. I still have hope that Trove will one day have a bendela-christ/Paladins moment, where the monitization becomes smart and the developers learn to appreciate the player. As it stands now, I don't recommend the game to new players.
[h1] The downfall of a game that was once my life [/h1]

With nearly 800 hours logged on Steam and a few hundred hours logged before the Steam release, it kills to me say that over the passed year this game has spiralled into something that I can no longer bare to watch burn. 

Unplayable lag, microtransactions that are necessary to enjoy the later aspects of the game, worst community I've ever seen within a video game, unfriendly to any player just starting. I truly pity anyone who has tried to get their start within the passed few months.

I am Mastery 208, my Fae Trickster is rank 300 in the game, and yet I still feel useless. No matter how much you grind, or even if you do pay money, you will never feel satisfied with what you have. The newest update regarding gems is what pushed me over the edge and why I will no longer play, because no matter how much money you pay, even 20 dollars will only last to max one empowered gem. 

The developers don't listen, the players who spent hundreds of dollars to max themselves put down the poor players and act like nothing is wrong, content is limited within grinding/building/ and luck. 

Trove is purely RNG based nowadays, though I can hardly say it is random, for one of the devs confirmed that the system is rigged against the players.

Don't bother with Trove, it's more trouble than it's worth. Really hurts to leave the memories of this once beautiful game behind. 

(Check this box if you received this product for free) No, one does not simply play Trove for free.
Don't play this game, just don't.

It seems the only reason this game exists is to milk and manipulate the existing fanbase to purchasing more cash shop items.

Will you have fun for your first 50 hours? Sure. But after that the never ending grind will begin to settle in, and the cash shop will start to look very juicy. This is exactly what they want. Trion is by far one of the worst Developer/Publishers. Need I remind anyone about Defiance? I could go on. Lack of transparency to the community, lack of content (in which some content updates you wait on for several months end up being completely useless to the main game progression *ahem Geode*), terrible server quality (this has been an ongoing issue for years and still haven't fixed it). There's more I could say about this game but I won't waste anymore of your or my own time.

It's truly a damn shame. This game is so unique, and has so much potential to be great. This was my first Trion game. But it's ruined by Trion who are unable, or unwilling  to make this game a masterpiece. Instead they've gone the route of greed manipulating their players, and that's a company I can't stand by anymore.

The 50 hours you'll have fun will be better spent elsewhere.
The new Trove experience as of Mantle of Power has be a mixed feeling for me.


Pros: 
-Classes got new upgraded abilities with their gems-
-Game no longer focuses on a system that is mostly monatery, such as saving flux for pentas or quads-
-New world biomes-

Cons:
-At times it can feel P2W-
-The XP grind is HORRIBLY griny, it feels like a korean MMO-
-Time Gated-
-Class gems are ESSENTIAL, but for some classes it ruins them-
-Having alts now really isn't an option-
-Theres a very upset playerbase currently. (5/12/16)-
-Can no longer join high level ubers with friends-


Overall Trove still has it's original charm, but the negatives of the new expansion really outshine what is acctually a great addition. Hopefully they listen to the players and make it less of a grind.

                   -From, A Trove Lover


This game followed the path of all games made by this company. It WAS one of the best games I have ever played and because of this I spent so much time in this game. But as the game slowly begins to die more and more items that were once aquirable through grinding begin to suddenly be locked behind a pay wall. I would not recomend trying this game out anymore since new players will be greated by a lot of things that they will have to invest money in that were once not that way.
As you can see, I have way too many hours into this game.
Trove is an amazing game... or was.
The game has become a cash grab with bad servers and bad economy. 
I played 1400 hours on this game on steam alone, and just as many on ps4. I spent about $50 on merch, mainly just to speed things along when I was a new player. That wasnt even counting the fact that I had Patron that I paid for every month. Now? I wouldnt spend a dime on this game. 
Before, spending money meant that you supported the game and that you wanted to see it succeed. Usually the things you bought would be gifted or would be used to grow a stream fanbase by giving free stuff away.
Now it is far from that. They have locked most decent trades to try and force every player to pay money instead of just the few that can afford it, meaning if you dont have real money to spend, it doesnt matter how religiously you play this game; You wont be getting very far.
Hi reader, I've invested a fair amount of time in this game and thought you might wish to know a little bit about this game before installing it onto your harddrive.

EDIT:  Before you install, spend any time or money, here's a little tid bit I wish I had known before mindlessly clicking accept on the EULA. 

 "TRION MAY SUSPEND, MODIFY, TERMINATE OR DELETE ANY ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. Accounts terminated by Trion for any type of abuse, including without limitation a violation of these Terms of Use or a Game EULA, will not be reactivated for any reason. For purposes of explanation and not limitation, most account suspensions, terminations and/or deletions are the result of violations of this Terms of Use or any applicable Game EULA."

-Keep in mind the above is for ANY REASON, if they don't like you or just decide to ban you out of the blue one day, they will.

-The gameplay is fun in the beginning, you feel yourself progressing quickly and - with the new craftable classes, you can do even more for the mid-late game.  Collect a bit of gear here and there, but you'll quickly find yourself hitting a wall, the early game is...Well, short.  Around level 20 is where your mid game begins, from there you'll likely be grinding for your first Shadow V's or maybe even your first Radiant pieces and if you've been fortunate, you figured out the chat box can lead you to progressing just an inch further than you'd normally with a group of people your own level.

-After level 20?  It's very, very grindy to get to level 30, which, a lot of people who have stuck around in this game probably really like the grind.  But even when you hit level 30, you'll still be grinding, for more gear, likely to try and get your first Stellars, probably around level 20-21 you'll have gotten your first empowered gem which you may or may not be able to equip depending on your level.  Along your way to 30, you'll be able to equip more gems - most of your power comes from gems, though a full set of Stellar gear gives a considerable amount that cannot be ignored as you gem up.

-When RNG is good, it makes you feel fantastic, as opposed to the heavier side of the coin - the bad RNG, will make you want to rake your fingernails across a sidewalk, or any chalkboard you can find.

-You can skip much of the grind by simply throwing extremely large sums of money into their store, which - if the game did have a price tag of say, 20$ - 40$, you'd make yourself blush by how much you could spend in one sitting, especially on their "value packs".  Some purchases will seem necessary as you reach the late game, especially if you want to have an easier time collecting the PERFECT gems for your slots once you've reached level 30.  You'll likely be very tempted to purchase tomes as well, when they're available as tomes give you a secondary reason to be out in the world grinding, as you grind, their XP bars fill up, once the bar fills out, it poops out whatever it says it'll give, into your inventory.

-I myself was blushing as I spent a fair amount of cash during my own grind to try and get into what is essentially the late game.  Though even with what I'd spent, I found myself still needing to grind excessively, in this game.  You can effectively increase your luck through a stat that is known as "MF" or "Magic Find", the most common way to do this is by crafting sick ass dragon mounts that can lob bombs down onto blocks and fly.  Unfortunately for me, somewhere along the road my prepaid card I used for the shortcuts, must of had a hiccup and whatever money I did spent seems to have vaporized into nothing, moreso than just pixels on the screen - with that said, I did give the game a break only to come back seven months later, I was able to log in and play about two times, until finally a few days ago, I found myself banned.  I had no mail concerning the reason for my banning, nor did I have any spam mail.  It took two days for the first reply, bumping my ticket up because the guy who responded couldn't do anything I guess, then another two or so days pass and I get my most current reply, - as you know I mentioned a pre-paid card, seven months ago to now, apparently that card was the reason I got banned.  I hadn't been expecting anything to do with money when the good customer support stated the reason, I myself had thought I got banned because after I linked Steam and Glyph together for easier login, I tried launching the game through the folder it was installed in, instead of through steam, on admin (there was a problem with the auth server, it was likely my firewall blocking trove for whatever reason) and that'd been when the first error of being banned appeared (it only happened then).

-SO...I'm still unsure if my banning had anything to do with money, why hadn't I been banned seven months ago (or the few days I logged in recently?).  I've got a strong suspicion that it had something to do with trying to log in through the folder (technical support said to try and set the Glyphdownloader to run as admin but there was no option for that.)...With that said, it could very well have been a very, very delayed issue with a prepaid debit card.

-Still unsure of what exactly got me banned as they will not tell me, me but I got the end result regardless, perma ban, not a temp ban.  Please keep in mind that I did nothing wrong in game at all during my time of play and whatever financial aspects of a pre-paid card were completely out of my hands.
My advice.... Save your time and money.

I can't emphasize this enough, yes its "free to play" but you WILL end up paying something, if not a lot of your hard earned cash. 90% of the same old bugs from beta are still there, events are recycled to the point everyone just AFK farms them and the actual content updates come around once a year. All that is left is grinding. 

Once you get to U9, where the majority of the people are, you will be plagued by rubber banding, slow chunk loading and constant disconnects. The devs really don't care, the fact they refuse to comment on it and delete or lock threads on the forum where people express their concerns, shows this. They just want new people to play, get hooked and shell out loads of cash before they realize it.

I wish I had been warned before I invested so much time/money into the game. (not through steam)

Trove is a great game at its core, its just run by a greedy, money grabbing company with absolutely no respect for its players/customers.
Disregard my hours, because this last patch ruined the game.
Now, I know some of you agree with the fact that classes should be difficult to grind for, and having them all unlocked before was easy.  But look at this from a beginner's perspective. They'll have to either pay real money, or grind their arses off to get the mastery ones. The main way I got mastery was from leveling up all the classes. They, however, can no longer do this. 

Another way they screwed us over on this patch is Power Level.
You may think "This is great! I know who's undergeared now!" But really, it means nothing.  I can put all my shadow level 4 gear with max pearls for my gunslinger onto my revenant. That would make it a high attackspeed magic damage class, but Revenant is for health and physical damage.  I could also put on my emblem that only gives attack speed and forces you to auto attack. This "Power Level" is absolute garbage.
What they could of done though? Inspect.  That would pretty much let you know IF the person was geared enough to be invited, but no. Now we have to deal with "Power Level" and guessing if they have the right type of gear on. 

 If they remove this patch, I will change my review to a positive one, but I doubt they ever will.
I played since the summer of 2015 and I have witnessed how much this game has changed, it went from an open world fun RPG had unlimited possibilites which have now been blocked by a large Paywall. if only the Devs would have at least fixed the servers then I would have given this game a positive review.
I loved this game, I'm an alpha crowd sourcer of it.  My hours on steam speak for themself on how much time I put into this game. I was very sad when "the straw that breaks the camels back" finally landed on my back and I left the game for good.

Like I said, I love this game. it can take a bit to get into, I had the luxury of starting with 1 character and no real options to do anything... it's come a long way and that's made it overwhelming. Something I've had several friends tell me when they tried to start playing it, so if you can stick it out, hopefully you find a fun game.

So why I wanted to write this review - as an early founder, founder package items were never realized, junk compensation was given, then years later something very similar gets released and the founds get nothing.  There were also a few packages that were supposed to get updates and backfill/grandfather the changes, it was like pulling teeth to get them to give those. It's like their records of ancient game data are just gone, if you have some thing from long ago, be glad, but I might not be a compatable package to get grandfathered changes from. So that’s a real annoyance I had.

What has made me stop playing is this: Early artifacts that have been removed from normal drop tables, still linger in the game. Example, workbenches from early alpha. These remained, useless but nice decorations for clubs etc. Remained movable for years, then last year, they coded them to poof, complete poof when moved...

Another thing they fail miserably at is detailing in game purchases. Example, they had a bundle that came with dragons, the pictures they showed were dragons, they have two types of dragon eggs in game, eggs that click and hatch and give you the dragon which are the premium eggs obviously) and then there are eggs that require you adventure and resource gather to hatch them. If you buy a premium bundle with real cash that uses verbiage to describe the bundle as get two dragons to adventure with, what egg do you expect them to give you the premium egg that gives you a dragon on the spot or the ones you have to go farm resources to unlock. If you said, on the spot, we are of the same expectation, sadly, it is the latter. Eventually they finally updated their bundle descriptions to reflect this but it was a month or two after it was released. To me, it felt very deceptive.
I had a full wall of all the original benches and other decorations, I lasered them all down to move to new spot and found not a single one in my inventory... countless support emails, refusal to revert club or replace them. So as a long-time player, what they decided was to reward me with taking away things I worked hard in my early adventuring to make. It may seem trivial but I like to collect things and taking that away was unforgivable, because whats next, what thing gets removed with no warning. 

Anyways, that is why I don't play this game. If you are casual and just want something fun to play - go for it, give it a try. If you are a mmorpg player who kept your Tier 1 Molten Core armor set, might want to keep in mind discontinued models/blocks can go poof at their whim with no recourse for the player. The fact I stuck through all the other issues should speak volumes to the causal / fun play of this game before loosing my old artifacts.
--------SOLD ALL MY IN-GAME ITEMS, PLEASE STOP ADDING ME FOR THEM--------

After spending 1500 hours on it and quit the game, I have so much things to say out of it;

It's a very good idea done exactly wrong. Don't get me wrong, I ENJOYED the game and the community is generally nice.

However, the game developpers are so incompetent it's unreal, we're talking about 2 to 18 hours downtime every few days outside of a weekly tuesday patch that takes hours also.

The game's laggy as fuck sometimes it's unplayable, it's buggy and while there's a lot to do in this game, in a way, it has no content whatsoever. It's a mmo, i know it's meant to be repetitive, but Trove takes repetitive to a whole new level.

I feel like trove alpha and trove nowdays got 2 different teams, one that got the idea and one that's trying to milk it with pack$. they seem to be barely able to fix or balance anything, they just come up with more useless allies and mounts(let's not mince words here, 99% of the mounts are just reskin since they all do the same thing)

I used to be on the top of the leaderboards all weeks since DOTM got released(ign HolyQ if someone recognizes it) full radiant weapons and armors, mastery 200(290) or so. I kinda sucked at building but managed to do small things regardless. The community in general knows Trove isn't gonna change much but they are hoping really hard, but there are some major issues that aren't adressed at all still. Pack$ and ¢ontent seems to be more important.

Don't get me wrong on the ''hourly challenges'', they're plain stupid. You could just follow a mass of laggy players and you could do your challenge which rewards the same thing everytime.

I'll miss this game, but I quit it because I know it won't change for the best.
How much can you really complain about a Free To Play game?

As it turns out, quite a bit. Which isn't really a surprise to anyone that's ever played a game like Warframe. 

Or Trove. 

I'll start with the pluses, since I should at least try to be fair. Trove devs correctly understood that the most entertaining thing about Minecraft is starting a new world fresh and then running wild all over it, and made this a core part of the Trove experience. You select the difficulty of the world you want to enter, jump in, and enter a randomly generated instance map full of dungeons to pillage and bosses to kill. When you want to do it again, you just return to the hub and repeat the process with a new instance map. And unlike Minecraft, which can sometimes feel quite empty and desolate, you share instances with other players, and dungeons and other structures are common, which makes the worlds feel more robust and alive.

You also are not gimped as far as movement is concerned. Very quickly, you will earn the ability to jump three, five, twelve, twenty times in a row, giving you a lot of height and control in the air. There are also wings that can be used to glide very long distances, as well as flying mounts. 

The Trove devs also understand that most people who like building simulators enjoy decorating. Trove has a vast list of decorative objects to build with, and most of them need to be unlocked by exploring and raiding dungeons, which is a great incentive to seek out specific biomes and pillage them for the biome-specific crafting recipies.

If only they could have stuck with their basic idea, this game would have been one of the best Free To Plays out there. 

But they did not.

For starters, the servers are awful. And I mean bad. Really, really bad. No matter how good your rig is, no matter what company provides your internet service, regardless of whether you have a supercomputer or a toaster, or where you happen to live on Planet Earth, Trove will lag. And crash. And lag some more. You will get kicked from the game. Your game will crash, repeatedly. There is nothing you can do about it. It doesn't matter how solid your connection is, or how good of a machine you have. You could be using fiber optics in Europe, or running a toaster in Australia. You will experience regular, common blowouts, and that's all there is to it.

Secondly, the game has gone hard, HARD pay-to-win. The main advertising point of the game, besides being a better and free version of Minecraft, was the classes, of which there are many. And surprisingly, most of them are pretty good. What a pity you will never unlock any of them. In the original iteration of the game, back in ye olden times, classes could be obtained one of two ways: you could buy them for a large amount of in-game currency, or you could unlock them with a Class Token. Class Tokens are items that are occasionally given away during events and streams, and can be purchased for the premium cash currency at the in-game store. 

You can probably see this coming from a mile away, but guess what? After about a year of running the game this way, they nixed the ability to buy the classes with in-game currency. Classes can now only be obtained through direct purchase with money, or indirect purchase through a Class Token, itself an item that must be bought with real money.

This change is a slap in the face to the player base. Not all classes are created equal. Some are absolutely more powerful than others, and you NEED better classes to seriously attempt the highest levels of play. What's more, there is already a system of leveling, called Mastery, that gives you rewards at certain tiers of player level. It would have been child's play to simply grant players Class Tokens at regular Mastery intervals during their progression, or to even award the player a Class Token every time they max out the Class Level of a Class they have already unlocked. At least then you could earn the ability to get more classes by progressing and playing the game. People who were impatient or more casual could pay for their tokens, while the more dedicated players earned them.

But no. Trion decided to double-down on their greed, and the game suffers greatly for it. This one single change took a fun but unstable game, and turned it into a Skinner's Box of sadness and regret. 

The third problem pales in comparison to the second, but it still needs to be said: your cornerstone, which is to say, the area you have to build on that is persistant and can be summoned to your location out in the field during instances, is not nearly large enough. The reason everyone makes their base a giant tower exactly as wide as the size of the cornerstone itself, is because it's the only real way to get anything done. Even though the variety of decorations avaliable is fantastic, the fact that you are gimped so hard when it comes to showing them off and putting together a persistant base makes the whole endeavor seem kind of pointless. After all, if it doesn't look good in a needle tower of stone or glass, then it isn't going to see much use. The idea of mobile bases in a free-range Minecraft MMO was a fantastic idea, but in the end, it falls flat, because you get a 20 x 20 space to do it in. No castle, mansion, or giant treehouse for you. 

At the end of the day, I can't recommend Trove. This game is not what it used to be, and the only reason the User Reviews are "Mostly Good" is because we all (rightfully) adored it when it first came out. 

But Trion has destroyed what used to be good in this game, and it is now nothing more than elaborate trap designed to guilt you into paying for dozens of cash shop items through false emotional investment. 

There is a great, worthwhile game to be found in the endless-instance mobile-base freeform-MMO Minecraft formula. But Trove ain't that game.

Just go play Terraria.
Don't be fooled by the hours on this profile, I've already commented with my 1k+ hours account, and wanted to add a negative review with this one.

Briefly summing up my previous negative review:

This game is:

1) WONDERFUL when you try it the first time, the colors will instantly mesmerize you. So will the game and it's "nice" rewards you get when you achieve the first few levels.

But then, you think Pokemon go's one big grind? You think levelling up to level 30 on lol is one big grind? You think that levelling up to rank 2 to play matchmaking on csgo is one big grind?

Boy you're in for a treat.

Mastering to level 300 - in this game. That's a fucking grind.

and check the market. Look at the game. Does it look like a hardcore action game to you?

No. It's a kids game.

Trionworlds. Thieves, scoundrels and dirty moneymakers.

Sure, every company's aim to make money. But these guys?

"Here's a package that's 50$ to get you one pixelated dragon that gains you 1 "mastery" - level. and some chests where the rng's so shit you're going to get the 5$ package's items."

Oh, did I mention it's a kids game?

This game's cancer, but it used to be amazing. Trionworlds created a beautiful child only to raise it into  a disgusting person.

No other way to say it! I def recommend to try it out, then come back and give my review a thumbs up! :) glhf
honestly i had a lot of fun with this game, but as most rpg's go about, this is really repetitive and very not welcoming to new players at all, it costs a lot of time and effort to make even the slightest progress, with the addition of new content mostly just acquired by dozens of hours of grinding or by paying your way through, when you hit mid game, you get to the point of which you have to choose whether you'll spend a thousand more hours trying to reach a goal or just quit, and I don't see myself doing the same grind for this one thing that just looks different from the last one, I like the game's style and hell the community makes some great stuff, but I think the game is wearing itself off, Trion doesn't make an actual effort into making the game feel innovative and consistently good, plus the gem system (which basically dictates your whole in-game and irl power rank) is a real turn off too, not only mastery requires a fuckton of grinding and luck, but so does the actual power rank, leaving you (as a f2p player) completely helpless when the weekly rewards (basically the only way of upgrading empowered gems) end.

so yeah i felt like a rant was needed from someone that spent almost half a thousand hours in this repetitive game
i just want to fucking die that's it
The hours I have just add credibility

Trion is just killing its own game, their ignoring their problems and instead just bandaging the issues while handing out more boxes with 1% chances to win.
Now as you can see I have played this game for 58 hours, so thats nearly 2 and a half days of my life that I invested in this game, It was the perfect storm of fetures that would attract most peoples attention such as an endless dungeon crawl that can be done with strangers and friends alike, a Diablo style dungeon crawl aswel, a basic yet good building system that allows you to build in greifer proof plots dotted around the landscape, a rather useful yet dull crafting system which seemed to be "mix X with Y and try to get the highest stats" and a wide array of classes to play as ranger from classic rpg classes such as Knighs, Rangers and Wizards going all the way to Cyborg Ninjas, Candy Barbarians and even badass Dragon Pyromancers and plenty of cosmetic items that can be use as skins for better yet uglier items.
So me and my friends decided to give it a go and befor we knew it we where playing in high Uber difficuties and clearing shadow dungeons by our selves, then we stopped playing for a while and came back only to realize that all the items which we could have easily bought with the mass amounts of cubits wher made that you could only buy them with the premium currency, and then the devs make weak responses to critisism like "you can still find the items ingame, the currency isfor people who dont have the time" which is a horrible excuse made by plenty of these "free 2 play" devs who dont know how to implement their premium currency right, DE does it right by making the items obtainable by both means in Warframe and easily too.
So play this if you feel like it I just know that anyone who understands f2p games would understand the intising updates, but the ultimate backstab once the devs have a high enough fan base and feel like they can get away with anything
Before 2k16, its a wonderful game.
After 2k15, its a RNG simulator.
If you love grinding and getting trolled by RNG, i recommend you playing this game.
And yeah also, the building is fun, since you can build with your friends together (a.k.a minecraft).
This game is not p2w, but pay to progress.
Just, just, a lot of grinding.

Ahhh, also server sucks.
Yeah my hours is  bit weird. I started playing this game in the summer of 2015. Wow this game just sucked me in at the time. After that year I somewhat stopped playing Trove for a while. Came back about a month ago and the game has changed quite a bit, in a bad way. Its extreamly difficult to get started as a new player and doing high level content since the devs are just so money hungry. The games somewhat pay 2 progress faster, and when I say faster I mean faster. It can take months just to get gear to the highest level. Its a painful grindy game that I can't recommend. Save your money and don't spend a buck on trion games. I never spent any money on this game, only thing I did waste was my time.
This game is literally just a grind. If you want to waste tons of time to accomplish absolutely nothing, go ahead and get this game. I don't recommend sinking any actual money into this game. The less money you spend on this game, the more the creators might realize they should make real content. Perhaps they'll one day add this mystical substance known as "fun" into their game, rather than content padding and money-grabbing, community-made cosmetic items.
The first time I played this game was getting an alpha code from a YouTuber via a public Twitter post.

This game was beautiful, the multiple aspects Trove brought to it's players so early on, was amazing! Simply collecting shapestone felt like you were doing something good, killing enemies was actually satisfying, raiding small dungeons for basic loot and XP was really fun! Joining a club wasn't so normal or common, it was like becoming apart of something. Big or small it didn't matter. However once the player went through all of this twice, it became boring. The game struggled to re-capture the player over and over again.

I quit the game, for along time...

If you have never played this game do not get it. Here is why, you'll enjoy the first 30-60 hours. Then you'll realize the only way to properly progress in the game is to grind for hundreds of hours or just take the easy route and purchase in-game items with real life money. The game has become a horrible mess full of microtransactions to make your character better.

Trion, the company that develops the game, has noticed a significant decrease of players actually playing their game so instead of re-vamping the game with a massive new amazing update. They have gone all out on the microtransaction deals and let loose a number of deals that significantly improve your character beyond a reasonable doubt. 

Do not waste time on this game. Or money.

Unless you want your pockets and or if you 19 years of your life to spare, dont expect anything fun out of this.

This game use to be my FAVORITE mmoprg OF ALL TIME! Then it came out to steam, then trion had a little conversation "Fuck this playerbase, they either pay us thousands of dollars or be bored, FUCK EM'" and made it so classes costed cash (or  10 hours of playtime) They added many MANy packs that costed anywhere from 20$ to 200$, And if you didnt get them, you had to spend 48 full hours getting good gear. They basically shit on their game, and made it pay to win and no one enjoys it anymore. Of course trion would prefer to be rich rather then happy players... and sometimes they give us BULL SHIT excuses about why they did it and how its still easy.

So unless you have a couple thousand bucks.. I dont suggest this game. Its fun when your killing giant bosses and building houses with your friends, but its gets real boring when you start grinding the same dungeons over and over and over and over and over
 and over
 and over
 and over
and over....
The game was very fun at the begining. I loved it because of the concept of Minecraft and mmorpg together. But the server is trash. no matter which 10-series your momma bought for your birthday. It will be really lagging, At one point the game was not loadable... After 1k hours + in this game, the devs decided it would be a great idea to introduce the traditional system calls PAY 2 WIN! Trion Worlds companny knowns for their AMAZING MMORG that turned into a p2w games. Unless there is a demand out there for rich ass people. But the game is great! until you realise that it is going to take lots of real money or you have an absolute Lucky charm with the RNG system that Trion has put into Trove. it is nearly impossible.
Once a game I knew and loved, turned into a horrid and enraging greed-influenced disaster.

I might have only 173 hours on steam but I had way more on glyph(trion's 'launcher'), And I would guess I've played this game for well over a thousand hours. It's absolutely not the same game it used to be 2 years ago, and is infact so far away from what it used to be that I would call it an entirely different game.

It hurts to see how hard this game has bombed in the short short timespan of 2 years, but it is what it is, I suppose.

Please don't touch this horrid horseshit company's products with a 20 foot pole, for your own good.
Honestly this game is based around the developers making money now instead of actual gameplay and fun. It used to be a very enjoyable experience, waiting for the devs to come out with a storyline/better gameplay. now its all about how much money they can make out of children. It's become such a scam, everytime i see it show up it makes me want to hurl.
Player this game for have 1 year and i remember it being such an addictive game, everything was achieveable and me and one of my friend were at similar levels except i was just a tiny bit better. I avoid paying to win in most games and i still do. One day woke up logged on and my friend who was a lower rank than me made it to top 200 because all he did was pay to win. Just shows how much difference paying can make.
The problem in Trove is in its gameplay mechanics: The AI is way too simple and the outcomes of combat is almost entirely based on your character stats rather than your skills. This basiaclly turns this game's combat mechanics into kite-back-and-shoot if you're a dps glass cannon or stand-and-hit if you're a tank. In weekly bossfights called Shadow Tower (which is pretty much the end goal of this game) the combat boils down to 1 tank tanking the enemies + 7 dps shooting them from distance. There are times when dps players have to move a little and dodge stuff but the bulk of gameplay is just keep distance, throw your abilities and shoot. 

Since the combat mechanic is so simple and dependent solely on how much damage you do, the unique set of skills of each character is underappreciated. Like for instant there's a healing ability (Chronomancer) and AoE buff (Lunar Lancer ult) but honestly those are just gimics. On top of that there's very little you can do in terms of building your character, because it's either you go tank or dps (for most characters it's dps). There's no skill tree or anything like that that will allow you to further customize your character. The only detailed customizations you can do is cosmetics. 

So what is left of Trove when the core mechanical gameplay offers no excitement and replayability? 

Grinding.
Once you've cleared your weekly Shadow Towers, what you can do is either (1) repeat Shadow Tower but without the weekly rewards, (2) grind regular dungeons to loot gem dusts (and other materials) which you use to upgrade your gears or (3) do event-specific missions to grind crafting materials for event-specific cosmetics. 

Regardless of whether you care about cosmetics or not, you'll have to grind. I don't take grinding itself as a problem, but the problem is that these grindings are boring as hell because of the mechanics I mentiond earlier. You just fly in to a dungeon, kite-and-shoot, get loot and repeat. 

And if that itself was not enough, you'll have to grind hours and hours of these boring dungeons just to reach your max character level and especially to obtain upgrading materials (gem dusts) to max out your gems, which is the bulk of where your combat stat comes from. Not only upgrading gems takes insane amount of gem dusts, it'll take quite the amount of time and luck to loot the right kind of gems that has the special ability and stats that you want. If you want to dramatically fasten the gem upgrading process, you would have to pay money to purchase sh!t ton of gem upgrading boosters, which allows you to prevent your gems from cracking during the process (if you upgrade gems without any boosters there's a chance it'll break and you'll have to repair it with a certain material) and also boost the gem level increase with the same amount of gem dust. Otherwise, maxing out a single gem (out of 9) will take you forever. 

Once you've maxed out your gems and your gears (which will take at least take a year if you play free), what's left to work on are crafting dragons (which offer minor combat stat) and cosmetics (wings, costumes, boat, pets, and mount). Crafting dragons require dragon coins (which is time gated so you'll have to wait) and other dragon-specific materials, which you need to do more dungeons to loot.

Many of the free, craftable cosmetics requires time, luck and grinding. And what's annoying about these materials, including many of the dragon eggs and materials, is that they are obtained through RNG loots. So there's no gurantee that you'll get your desired amount of materials in an hour or in 2 weeks. 

So what does a typical Trovian day look like? 

You login once every day to get your daily rewards (which gets better as your overall stat gets higher) and log out.
If you haven't cleared your Shadow Towers yet then you look for a group or create your own in the ST chats, and clear through them. 
If you haven't got enough materisl (keys) to obtain the Shadow Tower loots, you go grind regular dungeons to craft these keys, which will take around 30minutes. 
Once you cleared the Shadow Towers you go back and use the rewards to upgrade your gears (by a bit) and if you feel like it you might go for some grinding. 
Otherwise you logout.

Oh I forgot to mention that this is what I'm like, and I'm pretty much close to the end game. So for an average player they'll require more grinding just to get their character level maxed, their gems maxed, their gears and rings maxed, to get enough materials to craft dragons, and to get mounts, costumes and other forms of cosmetics. There's a hell lot more of grinding than I do, and even if you bring your friends, it is just boring. 

New Update sucks
added gamble on the Empowered Gems. 
those are hard to come by even without worrying about a good power roll.

bye bye slot machine
/delete
This game is a masterclass on how to take an awesome and innovative non-P2W F2P game and completely flush everything that made it good down the drain in the search for more and more profit.
It is obvious that Trove has become too greedy in its shop changes and terrible in its implemented game design.

-This is surprisingly not the biggest problem with Trove right now.-

Ever since Live, you can see the gap of meaningful content production correlates to your player numbers dropping. Meaningful content defined as adventure world updates (combat, quests and dungeons), crafting, and building.

[MONEY]
I also fear that any game that you can spend hundreds ($300+ personally) on isn't enough to get everything. While somehow the devs claim that there isn't any incentive to develop and update a system unless a price tag is directly on that feature.

But Trove does have incentive to update content and classes. That's what everything else in the cash shop was for. The devs clearly don't understand that though.

[CLASS COST CHANGE]
Classes didn't need to be pay for only. There was plenty in the store and $20 packs people were buying including myself to keep the game going strong. And those packs are filled with items players made giving devs the free time to make content. The devs didn't even hold up their end.

[FORCED GAME PLAY]
Another problem is that Mantle of Power essentially divides the community. Not because of power or even RNG, but because of Shadow Tower itself. We thought Shadow Tower was going to do that before until the community found out how to avoid it entirely since it had nothing to do with the adventure world. But MoP was designed to force it to be an integral part of the game to advance. Its promises of adding more abilities and content is just a cosmetic paint job for both with no real substance.

We waited a year for the same worlds only with gaps in between dungeons and a gear RNG that makes no sense but to put lucky/rich players in a different league from everyone else.

[SAYING ONE THING, DOING THE OPPOSITE]
This leads to the biggest problems which is the devs' two-faced policy. That may be a cruel thing to say but it is an honest criticism that the devs must face. "We don't want too much RNG into the game." Gems. "We want to feel like players are progressing." Nerf then add new stuff to farm to regain that lost power. Actions entirely money driven. Ever since the game went live the team has done an about-face to meaningful content production.

It has stopped growing and instead added money dependent systems without doing anything substantial as thanks. Remember the content added thanks to dragon caches in the shop? What about making classes credit only? MoP is a result of that, asking you to spend more money not for cosmetics but for numbers that mean nothing.

They didn't lose money because of these decisions, but because of the lack of decisions to advance adventure world and building content. The things this game was founded on.

[LEFTOVER POPULATION DEPENDENCY]
You are losing players from such greedy decisions in every system you add to Trove. To think where we would be if the number of players that Live and Steam added to the game stayed. This would have come to be if the dev team kept their Alpha and Beta momentum and kept advancing the content rather than pack in cash grab only systems. You would have had a large enough population to keep your pockets full while providing more content that is fun to play and not grind intensive. Including new classes and more abilities to former ones.

[RETURN TO A FORM OF RESPECT]
Despite that gap that dropped your population to a petty fraction, you still have a chance to return to the team that your were in Beta. You have enough money systems to make this game last a lifetime, so cut out the gem RNG and stick back to making money on the $20 packs and cosmetics (that players are making for you) and focus on actual content from here on out. Content development that people were brought into the game for in the first place.


[[TL ; DR]]
Think about how big Trove was in its first Live month and why. Its because of everything up to that point and none of anything that followed. Make your players happy as a priority, because that was how you were making your money.
And kill extreme RNG.
[u][b][[| Pros |]][/b][/u]

-Nice looking class characters 
-Club Worlds
-Mods / Steam Workshop
-Free 
-Nice OSTs

[u][b][[| Cons |]][/b][/u]

-Too many RNG dependent stuff.
-Grinding / farming is really boring. 
-P2W ( kinda )
-Cancer global chat 
-Boring quests ( 0 creativity )
-Some class abilities are really bad. [spoiler] e.g. ice sage's passive ability: "Ice sage can walk across ice without slipping." lol?! [/spoiler]
-Awkward crashes
-Poor servers.

Btw still waiting for a neutral review option :S
I used to love this game, I really did.
Then it became more pay to win than ever. And despite all the pay to win, and (probably) cash rolling in, they can't afford any better [strike]microwaves[/strike] servers. And most updates are for high end game level players, which really hurts the game, since it isn't attracting any new players, only P2Ws.

Sorry Trove, I love ya, but you're just not reaching my standards anymore.
Dont play this game, i loved this game, it was actually really, really fun but me and alot of the older community have had to sit by while bit by bit the game is turned from a fun, mindless rpg with a bright landscape into a cash grab, initially they implemented a system where you couldnt get classes with ingame currency anymore- this has since been changed but classes still require a metric shitton of grinding to farm out but they actually getable now, next they implemented a gem system which was a complete RNG-fest, problem is it takes so long to even get a chance to get a chance of a decent gem its completely fucked, finally the eclipse update- Boy, this was a joke of an update more dragon eggs, subclasses which are a good idea in theory but in reality only like 3 of them are actually any use, gem rerolls which require resources gathered from the shadow tower weekly, your avg player will likely be able to reroll a stat about 3 times a week, but none of this is the major issue with the update, the major issue is the fact they've buffed up the shadow tower to a degree that most newcomers are going to have to grind for aeons to actually be able to progress in it, and iirc this shadow tower change wasnt even listed in the goddamn patch notes which makes this even worse.
tl;dr: was a good game, devs fucked it over.
welcome to grinding simulator 2018. a Vertical Progress game that wants to be a horazontial Progress game. the game's "end game" content caps out long before the actual power ceiling. and the only reason to get stronger to make said content faster and easier. the 2 ways to get stronger is farm gem boxs for months to Max out your gems. (which would be all undone if they add a tier above Stellar) and collecting cosmetics (yes you read that right) the more the game's massive collection list you fit out the higher your "Master Rank" gets, each MR Lv gives you a small stat rise, the last 2 "Major" update as off this review have just been a collection list dump that would take you months if not years to get everything (ain't time gates fun?). all with no actualy worthwhile content to use that power on. 

i guess if you like Guild wars 2's "content for the sake of content" then be my guest but this game is the Uglyness of Horazontial Progression

oh did i mention that the Servers are so bad that they can make you crash just by opening the
chat window or sending a message in said chat?

Edit: new content, new fancy Crystal Gear. however the drop rate is so trash that you can farm for 4+ hours and not see 1 Crystal Lv3 and it could drop with the wrong stats on top of that
Before Feb 9th: 10/10, best F2P MMO on the market, focusing on Character builds. A lot of grinding, but not too bad.. could get everything in the $-shop by just playing and grinding. All classes were free, could use Cubits to buy them. 

After Feb 9th: 0/10, P2P MMO, have fun spending $100 getting all of the classes and $100 per dragon. Have fun waiting 10x longer than before Feb 9th to get Flasks/Emblems. Don't like waiting? Spend another $100 unlocking them flasks/emblems. 

Trove: A microtransaction story. Everything is so overpriced that it is hard to justify spending anything on this game, let alone be forced to spend money in order to unlock classes (AKA the most important things in the game). Admittedly, i'd be very angry if I didn't already have the classes unlocked. 

The dragons now can only be obtained by intense grinding because they now require 300 dragon coins which are no longer obtainable via trading. They drop "commonly" from the "LESSER dragon chests" (You can buy GREATER ones on the $ store), but COMMONLY is obviously RARELY because in the 30 i've opened, I have only had one dragon coin loot drop of 3. Oh, but if you don't like grinding.. spend $100 on the GOLDEN dragon egg, which instantly grants you the dragon!

Before Febuary 9th, the Microtransactions in this game were nothing but an ever present harmless nudge in your side. But after the 9th, the Microtransactions have become a violent shanking in your side with a rusty blade.

Stay away from this game until they get their heads out of our wallets. It's not worth it.
This game... This game...
Such a great concept, such a beautiful concept. And it all went to s**t.
What the hell is with the devs? What the hell?
First you want to steal our money by making the classes in the game only received by buying an in game currency? Then you're going to release the "new amazing mantle of power" update? The update literally adds chest space, makes loot much worse, and adds some portals for higher power ranks. YOU HAVE TO BUY A "STARTER PACK" IN ORDER TO GET THE EXTRA TEN LEVELS AND A COUPLE OF PORTALS?
The loot got so, so much worse. In a shadow tower, normally my main source of loot, I can't even get a shadow item, when normally in shadow towers I would get two or three.
I love, but more so loved, this game so much, but the company is getting greedy. And I freaking hate it.
This game used to be good. People helping, and easy and simple combat. But once you reach high levels, it is a pain to farm gear. Then the mantle of power update came in and boosted everyone. That is where it all went downhill. There was a gem system, where all you needed was flux to take out the gem. Now you need full on regemanators, which you need to buy for 500 gold coin things. This completly ruined me. Then the RNG in this game also ruined me. The only was to get anything good was rng. And 70% of the time I would get something horrible. If you hate RNG this game is not for you. It is also such a pay to win, you can buy almost fully upgraded weapon packs. you could buy everything in the game. And if you are ever low on flux, exploit the market. This game was ruined by updates that the devs implanted. They corrupted this great game.
Today, 2/9/2016, the date of the well-named "Heart Attack" update, marks the death of Trove. If you are a new player stay away, please. Before this day, you could get classes without paying anything, and it was an easy time doing so, no banging your head into a wall. Now? If you want more than 4 classes, pay money, or grind for about 100x longer than you used to do just to get a class coin from another player that is making the prices sky rocket. Goodbye Trove, you were fun while you lasted, but I knew that with your publisher you wouldn't last.
I have played this game for 398 Hours.
For me the game was fun within the first 5 portals.
But came the 6th Portal.
It was said that it is F2P but after playing it for awhile it became a P2W game.
Even the dragons are hard to farm w/o paying $.

But if you like to play this game casually not grinding tf out of it. Play it.
Good Day!
What could be an amazing game is ruined by crappy servers. Sadly you can play almost no class anymore without issues because there is always lag. You will lag from morning till night and you will disconnect multiple times. The EU server is lately more down than operational. The devs/comapny just flat out ignores these issues. So don't waste your time and money on a product that even the owners do not seem to care about.
Trove used to be something incredible. Something mysterious. Something unique. something different.


Now, It's just something bad. Something like the others. Something shameful.
Pros:
Used to be fun when playing with friends back when the game "worked"

Cons:
The developers cannot take constructive criticism
Servers make the game [b]unplayable[/b]
Grinding is not fun in any way
It's very pay to win
Before the update that removed cubits to pay for classes:
10/10
(Really good!)
After it and some other updates:
6/10
(Mneh, it's still kinda nice, but it's annoying to pay real money for classes.)

It's still playable game, thought its now more like "P2PR" / "2Pay 2 Progress"
This game is for people who can wait for stuff or sit tons of hours in front of the computer to get levels and good loot.
ive played so many hours of this game it was fun i loved it but they killed the game just makeing conent  impossible to get unless you are amazingly lucky or you want to pay to increase your luck. sure you will enjoy your first few hours but once  you hit mid game you will feel the pay to win aspect. i wouldnt get it the game is killing itself
There was a time that I really enjoyed Trove.  Without being too long-winded, the game simply changed into something that is no longer fun for me.  How you acquire dragons with hourly challenges, the new gem system, and the focus on Patron (subscription status) really turned a fun and casual free-to-play game into a chore where you have to spend money to make meaningful progression.  

At first glance, the Mastery system is nice but after some time it becomes very evident that grinding purchases, with real money and in-game, just to get a higher Power Rank and Mastery level is too tedious for me.  The expansion added new levels to each class and in most games that’s nice.  In Trove, it feels like work now.  Leveling is slow and somehow more repetitive from 20-30 on one class than the 1-20 I’ve completed on eight other classes.  Not to mention, you can only buy classes with real money now.  Class leveling is a major way to increase Mastery rank and thus power.  Not being able to buy them with Cubits is a huge disappointment.  

Basically, Trove became more effort than it was worth to me and with that I cannot recommend it.  With so many free and paid titles with more variety, better progression, and solid gameplay it seems like there’s just not room for a game were you have to grind for everything.  Other games offer a more enjoyable grinding experience and many other free-to-play games do not focus on getting you to spend money as much.

Trove is a relaxing, fun and addictive game. 

It used to have connection issues which have been fixed.

To answer the question of the developer:
Yes i play on EU server, and the "Entering world 0%" problem seems to be resolved. Great!
I want to recommend this game but the end-game gem content is all time-gated. I played in alpha, got top tier things, played now-a-days and I can basically INSTANTLY hit the time gate, then farm for flux at a rate where I can buy a monthly subscription every single week.

Literally would be a lot of fun if they removed the time-gating. It's a horrible feature that didn't exist in alpha. I'll come back to the game if it's removed.
Unbelievably boring end repetitive - go to "dungeon", kill a golden bug and some dude or 4 eyed bee, gather item. Rinse and repeat. Oh. and while traveling to another "dungeon" - kill more bees. That's basically it.
Highly addictive in waves. There are times you play it a crap ton to get a certain point in the game, and then once you get there you realize how pointless it all is considering the power rating cap is unlimited. Otherwise its a solid game with decent mechanics. Just don't expect to stay hooked for too long.
I have been playing this game for at least 2k hours outside steam for more than a year and I agree that this game is relaxing and addictive however, it takes a lot of commitment to reach the higher ranks and reaching the higher mastery levels and power ranks are a real nolifer grind. I have been playing for more than a year however I haven't reached the higher ranks and still have a ton more things to do which made me quit. It basically feels like a waste of time now. Just to get a perfect gem you need to grind dungeons for many days and may not even get the gem you want. So, after a year I found myself not enjoying this game anymore because this game rather  became a chore just to complete my daily tomes and stuff. It is addictive but maybe in a bad way...
Played for 3 days and my opinions is: NO
- Content still like hard to get and more Pay For It
- Grinding is a thing, i know but this game is like Hardcore-er than the JP Gacha games
- Marketplace is not balanced as all
- Dragon - the most thing i am very disappointed for that. TOO MUCH COST TO GET 1 DRAGON AND EXPENSIVE
- I know im play about 3 days but i have alot time play RPG games but this :)) a joke on me
- Also, i dont know why game have alot of Thumbs Up, maybe alot of kids like CubeWorld game i guess

This game was really fun with my friends. We built a club together and it was ours
Then one day we stopped playing because we got bored and moved on.
Recently i came back to the game to find out our entire club's work has been given away to some random player that i invited some time ago.
Now why should i come back to a game that LITERALLY gave away our work?
I will never understand games that have these club systems that gives away to some random because you are not ACTIVE?
This makes older players not want to come back to the game since why would you return knowing that your work is now owned by somebody else ?
