This is a review of the offline game.
          This game has been one of the best games I have ever played. I have been playing games for over  25 years and haven't experienced a game this epic. I'd like to share one of my quests.
           I had just finished my first base on a peninsula. It had a bed and some storage containers and was starting to feel pretty safe. I hadn't seen many dangerous Dino other that dilos (the ones that killed the fat guy in Jurassic park). I had stockpiled some goods and decided I would go try to tame something worth taming. 
	I found a raptor in a valley surrounded by rocks and decided he was gonna be my buddy. The taming process was pretty intense so it really made me want to keep my Raptor safe. I saddled him up and decided to give him a go. He was amazing, we ran around killing everything. After about 30 mins of running and killing things I decided to go home and give my new buddy a rest. We ran through the night and in the morning i realized how extra lost i was and got worried. I decided that the best way to find my way home was to climb a mountain and look around. After 5 mins or so of looking and referencing the map I finally figured out where we were. Just as I was about to put my map away I was ambushed by several scorpions and unfortunately they killed me. 
	After I respawned back at my base I was in panic mode and jumped on my only other ride able Dino which was a Parasaur and hauled ass back to where my raptor was. We never made it. About halfway there we were attacked by a pack of raptors and both were killed. My next re-spawn was kinda bleak from the start. I re-spawn in a random location that I thought would be near my Dino. After what seemed like hours of carefully navigating my map back to where i though my Dino was I started to freeze and starve. I would move thirty to fifty feet and whistle then repeat. The sun went down and my hopes for recovering my dino with it. Just as I had given up hope I was surrounded by scorpions and I thought "oh well". A second later my Raptor jumped down from the rocky ledges above and killed one of the scorpions. I frantically jumped on his back and ran from the other scorpions. My health was still falling due to the cold and me starving. Once we got to relative safety I hopped off his back and checked his inventory. Somehow he had collected a full suit of armor and plenty of berries whilst we were hunting earlier. We eventually dodged meat eaters and found our way home once the sun rose. 
	I have never felt that since of disparity and relief from a video game before. It sounds funny but it really felt like the raptor saved my life. I've never got that into a game before. That one experience was worth more than what I paid for the game.
Since most people are bashing the PvP servers for the griefing, I feel like someone should answer that and also talk a bit about the PvE servers.

Right now I got close to 130 hours in the game, about half of that on PvP servers and half of that on PvE, all official ones. All the thing people say about the griefers is true, they'll kill your dinos, steal your stuff, abuse your body and destroy your house as soon as you go to sleep. In fact a lot of tribes organize group to play past midnight for the sole reason of hunting sleeping players. And that's the keyword here TRIBES. If you're playing on a PvP server you gotta keep in mind that you're not supposed to do it at your pace and take your time building your little Tatch hut with it's little thatch fence with your Raptor and a couple of Dilos. Slowly learning the game by yourself, taking everything in, eventually upgrading to Wood and then Stone and so forth.

I'm sorry but I got to burst your bubble right now: If you plan on playing in a PvP server you gotta take this game seriously. You either find a group of friends to play with you or you join a Tribe as soon as possible. If you play alone you might find a hidden spot where your stuf will be safe one or two nights, maybe even a week, but alone you're doomed to be found, robbed and killed. And like many others said, have the work of a whole week go down the drain. If you're joining a PvP server you're doing it for Tribe warfare and let me assure you, thing can get really intense, really epic pretty fast. With eagles swooping down to grab enemies and droping them from high altitues to their deaths, or tactical droping Raptors inside their base to wreak havok, T-Rexes working as battering rams at the enemies gates while rockets fly at them, auto-turrets spewing bullets at your Carno army, Sabretooths leaping over walls. It is a beauty to behold.

But you'll only experience that if you join one of the dominating tribes on your server or work on creating a strong Tribe of your own. Otherwise you'll just be cattle for them, nothing else. They'll keep you from taming dinos by killing them mid proccess, block caverns so only they can harvest the resources, literally kidnap you to use you as a blood bag Mad Max style and so on.

I get why so much people hate that, after all they're just being preayed upon, they're not participating in all the fun that is Tribe Wars. But the only way to Tribe Wars be so much fun is allowing all this kind of freedom the game has right now, they gotta allow people to be complete a-holes because during wars that's what you gotta be. If they put too many safety nets to keep people who wanna do PvP only when THEY wanna do PvP the game would be boring and stale.

But if everything I said right now put you off, don't be. First of all because you don't really need PvP for this game to be fun. There's a TON of stuff to do in PvE servers or offline if you just wanna do everything at your pace. I got a bit tired of all the pressure on PvP servers and have been playing in a PvE for around 60 hours right now. And I still only got only a Wood base with some Dinos, just hit level 45, and I feel like I'll never run out of things to do because the devs just keep adding and adding stuff almost each day. People are also very helpful on PvE servers, they'll give you a hand when you have problems with a Rex, help you gather Prime meat when you're taming a Carnivore, give you tips and materials. At least on my server I got absolutely nothing to complain about them.

And if you're still one of the guys who wanna grow at your pace and only participate on PvP when you're ready, REJOICE! Because they'll soon add War Declaration to PvE servers, so tribes can actually go at war when they feel like it, without all the griefing to new players who want just to keep to themselves.

As a closing statement, I'd like to congratulate the Devs. They're doing a terrific job. Optimization is alreayd a LOT better, still not there yet, but much better. The content is fantastic and it just keeps coming. Bugs are rarer and rarer, in fact I don't even remember the last time I experienced one.

An all around great game that I fully recommend if you're into dinossaurs and survival games. Oh, and it's also pretty cheap.
[h1]├Professors Review┤[/h1]

[b]Game Pros[/b]
 • Open World
 • Weapons ranging from spears, to rocket launchers, and turrets
 • Weather System
 • Multiplayer
 • Crafting system
 • Consistent updates
 • Day/Night Cycle
 • Ton of skills to master
 • Base building
 • Grouping/Spawning System
 • PvP/PvE
 • You can tame/ride dinosaurs
 • Steam workshop
 • Selfie/Orbit Cam so you can look at yourself
 • You can host Servers and have access to console commads
 • 3rd person (Can be accessed on servers that have it enabled)
 
[b]Game Cons[/b]
 • Requires a very decent PC to achieve stable FPS
 • Dinosaurs hover on certain terrain (Very minor)
 • Dinosaurs need pathfinding work
 • Chance of spawning on a hostile dinosaur, killing you upon spawn
 • [b]WARNING[/b]: Hackers
 • Developers released DLC before the game was anywhere closed to finished
 • Terrible optomization for full priced game. Especially if you buy it knowing you have an outdated graphics card. 
 • Developers provide little or no customer support

[b]Relateable Games[/b]
 • Rust 
 • The Forest

[h1]Conclusion[/h1]
ARK is an amazing game, But rememeber that the game is still in [b]ALPHA STAGES[/b]. It still has a ways to go before it finished, but it is headed in the right direction. It gets your heart pumping when you have a lot to lose, and you got a giant dinosaur chasing you down through a forest.

[h1]Score[/h1]
65/100


[i](If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)[/i]

[h1]UPDATE:[/h1]
Considering there has been a swarm of kids who don't know how to use the "filter" function on steam. [b]All further comments will be deleted on this review.[/b] It is outdated, and they think they are bringing some sort of new information to everyone by saying it.

[h1]F.A.Q[/h1]

[b]Complaint:[/b] [i]"Oh my god you only have 11 hours in game?? You don't know anything!!!!![/i]

[b]Answer:[/b] [i]If you need more than 11 hours in a game to decide if it's good or not. You have a problem. 11 hours is more than enough time to grasp concept of any game and see the mechanics.[/i]

[b]Complaint:[/b] [i]You got paid for this review!! Fake account!![/i]

[b]Answer:[/b] Please email the developers if you think i should be getting paid for this review. Id love to collect my money. And by looking at my profile for 5 seconds, you can tell its not fake.


[b]Complaint:[/b] [i]You are giving new players bad input!!! omg!!![/i]

[b]Answer:[/b] [i]Well than you and those new players should learn how to use the filter function on steam and quit looking at reviews from years ago. That is your fault and your fault only.[/i]


[b]Complaint:[/b] [i]If it's such a good game why don't you play it anymore huh??? :OO[/i]

[b]Answer:[/b] Because I have a lot of good/newer games that I enjoy playing more. I don't need to continue playing a game just because it was good. I played other games and moved on.
[H1]THIS IS A DAY 1 REVIEW AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS THE DEVELOPMENT CONTINUES[/H1]

[b]PROS[/b]
+ Dinosaurs
+ Sprawling land that looks and feels absolutely huge
+ Ease of Understanding (controls, objectives, etc)
+ Engram System (I really dig it)
+ Simple Crafting (It's a no brainer to use and understand)
+ Early Access Perks (cosmetic items which are dinky but cool)
+ Loot Boxes! 
+ Taming and Mounts (epicness)
+ Single Player (has been added!)
+ Server Hosting Instructions have been shared
+ PvE/PvP commands have been added for server hosting!

[b]CONS[/b]
- Optimization: Needs massive improvement (which is happening! it's a priority with the Devs atm)
- Not enough servers to meet the current population
- Not being able to connect to servers/being kicked out of servers
- Sound issues (music/sound not turning down properly even when adjusted) 
- Lag issues across the board. (Some experience it, some do not.)
- Raptors (dude, they will own your butt unless you hit a hill or something. Not really a Con, they're just d*cks)


What little I've managed to play I have enjoyed and really look forward to pitching a tent and staying a good long while but I'm not going to sugarcoat my experience either. There are a lot of problems right now but most of them are due to the Devs simply not pushing a bigger server test before they released -- They simply didn't anticipate the community that slammed their servers trying to play.

I'm recommending it, but please keep in mind that this is a VERY Early Access game despite the fact that there is a lot about it that simply looks, and somewhat feels, polished (the dinosaurs are amazing). If you cannot or do not want to deal with the current CONS then you should wait at least a week and come back and check out the changes the Devs push otherwise I'm saying go ahead and drop the 24.89$USD and try your hand at playing.


EDIT: 6/2 - Single Player and Hosting Commands have been added by the Devs!

[H1]THIS IS A DAY 1 REVIEW AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS THE DEVELOPMENT CONTINUES[/H1]
Note: At least 1000 of my hours were spent on Official Servers. Thus my review will pertain to Official Servers.

Ark Survival Evolved is a game that will make you feel many things.  Initially you will feel frustration at your helplessness as you spawn nude on a beach at level one and can barely fend off the smallest of dinosaurs.  Then you will meet people, these people will either be total jerks and just kill you over and over, or they will be really chill, and you'll form a tribe with them.  You will spend countless hours with these people: farming materials, taming dinosaurs, and build bases.  You will grow more and more in power.  You will be meeting other players either passing through the server or settling down.  You will know all the other tribes on the server that are worth knowing (i.e. the big tribes or friendly tribes).  You will come across numerous other cultures as you find Chinese tribes and Spanish tribes, French and German, all while growing more and more powerful.  You will on occassion have a set back, but at this point you're on a roll and now the games mechanics, have a good group of friends, and objectives that you have given yourself.  You will feel happy with what you have accomplished.  

But there is a downside.  There must always be conflict, while it can be delayed for long periods of time, it will eventually come.  And so another tribe will pick a fight with you.  Your tribe will fight their tribe, and you may lose or you may win.  Either way you've invested a lot into this server and these friends, so you'll never give up.  Some other tribes will jointhe fight, picking sides.  The winning side will probably kill all the dinos, take all the mats, and kill everyone on the losing side.  Thus you have won your first war.  You are now a power on the server worth being reckoned with.  Soon enough, you'll get in an even bigger war as the losing side draws more and more people to aide them and you respond by getting more as well.  Now the entire server is split 50-50, and a great war mars the server for days as both sides are constantly wiping one anothers bases.  Eventually you'll win though, and the other side will leave the server.  They'll be fed up.  As the enemies are now gone, you are happy once more.  You hated them just as they hated you.  

Now a long period of peace has passed, a couple weeks.  There is trouble brewing as a few of your allies are begin to grow wrestless and have infighting.  Peace will try to be maintained through talks.  But it will fail in the end, and more war will arise.  This cycle will continue until only 2 tribes remain.  These two tribes will be dominant in every regard: leadership, tactics, dinosaurs, and materials.  Pitted against one another to see who will rule the server.  You will fight your heart out against your former allies.  You will destroy bases you'd once entered as a friend, now as an enemy.  You will kill dinos whose names you helped come up with.  You and your tribemates will be cycling out who gets to sleep because the battle will last over 24 hours.  The fight will go on and on and on and on with no end.  It will be exhilerating.

Then you win.  Then you are the supreme ruler of the server.  You are standing over the ruins of your former allies as you have proved yourself to be the mightiest.  But then it will hit you.  The sadness. As now all the people you had once known, months ago when you were just a little tribe starting out, will all be gone.  Everyone you'd ever fought with and fought against are gone.  While there is some joy in victory, it is very bitter as there is no one left to share it with.  Your tribemates will still play, but it's not the same.  Even if not in your tribe, you had a community. Friends. Foes. Maybe even lovers.  Now all that is gone.  You will pass the ruins of these once great tribes and feel a hole in your heart.  New people will always arrive to challenge you, but you'll always beat them down.  Destroying any hope they had.  You'll build fortresses that'll reach the Heavens and have so many dinos it'll cause server lag.  You'll build Great Walls across vast territories in order to denote your power.  Finally, you'll get bored and leave.

Months will pass, and one day you'll see Ark still in your library and hop back on.  You'll log back into your old server.  Everything is different.  New names, faces, bases, everything.  Not a single structure you had built is left standing, not a single ruin.  All of it is gone.  The people on this server see you log in and ask if you want to join their tribe saying that 'Ark can be harsh for noobs', but you could never tell them.  You could never tell them an entire servers history.  The hundreds of thousands of hours of work you'd seen put in by that ancient world.  The structures they couldn't ever even imagine.  The wars you'd fought and people you'd met.  You could never explain to them what it all had meant to you, for it is all now gone.  In it's place is a new world, completely distinct from the original while maintaining a strong similarity.  You will be both extremely happy at this new world, and profoundly sad about the world that was lost.

Ark Survival Evolved will demand dozens of hours to just get the basics down and get priorities straight.  To become a power on a server will take about a hundred hours.  To conquer a server will take a couple hundred hours.  To realize everything you lost and destroyed that you once held dear will take thousands of hours.  To atone for everything you'd done to those you once called friends will take an eternity.

If you'll pour time and effort, no game will ever make you feel as strongly about the decisions you've made than Ark: Survival Evolved.  Beware that you may get addicted and lose your real social life and ambitions in exchange for this game.  But you'll meet people you'd never have met otherwise, see things you never thought possible, commit acts that would make tyrants think you're true evil or saints believe you are the second coming of Jesus Christ.  In the end, you'll feel stronger emotions then any you've ever felt from playing a game.

10/10 Masterpiece.
After a few hours playing i just felt i had to type down something about the game. First off the game looks realy nice, no way i could say it was a early access game if i didnt know it alrdy. No major game breaking buggs so far, some bigger dinos stuck between trees but so far i just seen a handfull of them.

A few highlight of my gameplay

Woke up on a beach and started to get the feel of the game and controls. Looking around  i saw another player working his way  thoward the forest and i tough: hey ill stalk him and see what hes up to. a few 100 meters into the dence forest he gets attacked by what i think was a Trex feeling for a snack. i didnt stay to check what happend to the guy, i legged back to the beach where i woke up. 

Next few hours i was working my hardest just to get though the nights without falling to the smaller reptiles prowling the beach. Though to myself after makeing a spear, fish should be easy food to catch, I swam out to a big boulder just where the sea got alittle deeper, spotting a fish getting rdy to jump into the water and spearing it i saw a big shadow comming closer.... a shark the size of 2 cars....

I spend a cold night out on that rock.

Working my way north along the shoreline looking for a good spot to call home i came across a dino that was left for dead that i decided to tamed. Over a period of 3 ingame days and nights feeding it and defending it and me the entire time. Gathering berries and makeing a campfire to cook myslef some meat and for light for the night times. After 3 long night and days he finaly woke up and i had my first companion.

For a time all was well i was building the house on a hill loverlooking the shore, My dino i came to call Fido was defending me and the house without mercy. Oneday i felt the gound shake as a pack of big herbivores deciced that my house was totaly in the wrong place and started to attack it. Fido the good guard dog as he was attacked without delay. Outnumberd and outpowerd we fought them side by side for almost 30 min killing off 6 of the 8 attackers when Fido didnt have anymore fight in him and fell to the ground to never raise again. I without any backup was no match for the remaining two and i had to fall back into my house and gather as mutch of my resources i could carry and the flee. The only thing i could do was to watch from afar with my spyglass the destruction of my house and mourn the death of my brave Fido. 

Would i recomend to buy it? Hell yes :)
First review i wrote for a game but it had to be done!

This game is like Crack! 

I've put a few hundred hours into this game and will probably put in a few hundred more. The devs are constantly pushing out new content (to a point where all the server maintenance is starting to become annoying haha) and they are very involved with the community trough reddit etc. 

Me and two friends of mine started off on a public server and had a really nice welcoming, A nearby chinese tribe gave us some stuff to start out and we we're hooked to the game pretty much instantly. There were some big tribe wars going on on the server but we were left alone.

A few weeks later. 

we have a huge metal base with a 5 high stone wall perimiter around it and 5 more people joined our tribe. All the big tribes but the chinese one left the server and got wiped out. And it seemed peaceful At this point we already spent hundreds of hours taming different dinos (which each have their different role like gathering resources, carrying heavy loads, transportation, combat, you name it) and we eventually also tamed a few t-rexes and the stronger end game dino's. You name them all and because of their different tasks and stat builds you become sort of attached to your dino's as well which makes the game even better.

One week later.

 Random (smaller tribes) are getting destroyed at night when they are offline. all the buildings blown open resources stolen and dinos killed. (take note some dinos can take over 10 hours to tame without kibble) At this point our base is more like a fortress we have over 70 organic turrets (think plants that split acid to hostiles) and 10 auto Gatlin turrets with loads of ammo in them. And an army of all kinds of dino's over 50 including 5 t-rexes varying from lvl 150-200+ A fully metal layered base with different compartments with different resources in every room (makes it harder for raiders to get everything since they have to blow up more walls) 

The chinese tribe starts putting in random text in global chat in capital letters including our tribe name. they have always helped us out we have made multiple trades with them for resources and called them allies. 

The next day. 

I log on.
Everything is gone.... all our dino's are dead every wall is blown up all our turrets taken out. and our base is in ruins. 
Hundreds of hours of building up Taming dino's training them taking them out on resource runs and working together with a tribe....gone....

The chinese tribe who helped us out from day one, Destroyed us.

RIP.
Atlas
Abraxis
Nien
Talon
Aeon
Mckitten
McCat
McMuffin
Mike the trike
Bob the trike
Armageddon
Morgoth
Apocalypse 
Ankrahmun
Ankaderp
Muffin
Deem
Demonspawn
Sharkenator
Lulu
Rammus
Rockey
Stoney
Scorpenator
Mitten
Rappy
Omega
Mammutan
Woolly
Mamenamenamenan
Carny
Brontenator

And many more....

That empty hollow feeling seeing your base in ruins and all your tamed fed and cared for dino's dead. I never had that before in a game.

3 days later.

 we set up camp a few miles west from our old base. we had primitive tools and we were back to square one. 
But we we're determined and longing for revenge.... 
we broke down some old metal walls en made a small 4x4 room and set up the basic crafting stations. We had good contact with a few of the smaller tribes nearby who we helped out countless of times. now we needed their help. we secretly banded together against the Chinese tribe and they gave us some of the harder to obtain resources like crystal and oil.

We started mass producing grenades.

I went out at night with a stash of metal tools a crossbow, arrows and food and approached their base. The chinese built a enormous stone castle on the water where they stored most of their Egg farm dino's in. I went to the beach. swam underneath the base. found a spot where i could hack away at their stone walls to get inside. Found a good spot and made a start. tribe members brought over grenades and we blew though the wall. Out came charging a T-rex and 5 raptors at insane speed. we started backing off while firing at them. The water slowed them down. Called for the rest of the tribe to head over. we ended up fighting them on foot with primitive weapons. After a long fight we took them out one by one and eventually they all lay dead. That feeling of Vengeance is undescribable. but we weren't satisfied. We headed back into the dino pen and laid waste to their entire egg farm, we killed over 20 Stego's three mammoths and a few ankylo's, It was a massacre. Fueled by the loss of our pets and friends. 

Today, 

we're still fighting a guerrilla style war against the Chinese. Constantly on the move hitting them where they expect it the least.

Only a handfull of people remain on the server but we won't rest untill we have taken everything from them... like they did to so many others.



Apoligies for the grammar mistakes etc. English is not my native language. 



I'm at a point where I'm about to hit 20 solid hours of gaming and feel I have a good enough grasp of the game to review it. So here goes...

I'm 32 years old. Been gaming since the Atari... been online since the early 90's. Done everything from chat based roleplay to full blown massive MMO's. I have a few hundred games on Steam and others on Origin, GoG, etc.

Let me say that this is the FIRST time I have EVER seen a developer quite like this one.

Make no mistake, this is an Early Access title. So of course the launch was plagued with issues, and the server numbers didn't cover the 100,000+ players... BUT, the devs have made some of the most aggressive moves to resolve the issues that I've ever seen.

In the first 24 hours of the game... we had over a dozen patches. In the first 48 hours... I can't even count how many. I recall yesterday having downloaded over 10 different patches through Steam. Seemed like one every hour. 

For me, that's HUGE. A developer that actually TRIES to set the example and improve on their product. You just don't see this type of response at all from an indie, or AAA team.

That said... the game is pretty fun and exciting. I'd describe it best as Rust, with dinosaurs. Only the quality of the game is far superior being on the Unreal 4 engine. The fps numbers may be pretty low for most users but chock that up to poor optimization (which is expected of an Early Access title only a few days into release).

In all, you can't go wrong picking this title up at this point. Just make sure your system requirements meet the recommended and you should be fine.
After many have tried, Studio Wildcards and associate dev-studios are trying to finally deliver us what we have all been craving for: A survival game with dinosaurs! ARK: Survival Evolved is pretty much exactly that, with an added twist of some unexplained sci-fi elements that all tie surprisingly well into the game. But is this Early Access title worth your money and time? Can we trust anyone after the Stomping Lands disaster?

ARK puts you in the shoes of a half-naked guy (or gal), stranded on the eponymous ARK, the island the game takes place on. You do get the option to customise your character, although like in many other games, anything but the smack center for most sliders ends up looking ridiculous (hugely muscled, giraffe-necked dwarf or super tall, onyx-skinned valkyrie?), but it is still nice to have the option to go down that path. It should be noted at this point that your characters will be server-specific, meaning you can have one on every server. 
Your character will start the game with nothing to his or her name, true to the survival-game code. You will quickly learn the ways of a hunter-gatherer, as your first task will usually be picking berries and collecting stones. You can also punch trees to get wood, but doing so will damage you (a dig at Minecraft? I like to think so.). 
Even at this early point, the world of ARK does not try to hide its inhabitants from you. Huge, prehistoric beasts roam free over most of the map and there is rarely ever a moment during which you cannot see at least one dinosaur from your location. Not all of these creatures are trying to kill you, however, some just try to live their life in peace. They may even fight each other, as the predators hunt for prey and the latter defends itself. 
Players should quickly realise that most of the island's monsters are beyond their combat-capabilities and that they should steer clear of the particularly agressive ones dwelling on land, in the sea and even the air. To help the players deal with these threats and offer some sense of progression at the same time, ARK features a levelling-system. You gain XP at a steady rate over time, with a bonus for doing pretty much anything from gathering and killing to crafting and building. Levelling up will allow you to increase one of your attributes, as well as spend points learning a new crafting-blueprint. While you are barely able to craft torches and stone tools at the beginning of your adventure, later down the line you may pick up the recipes for weapons, buildings and more tools to help you survive. All blueprints cannot be unlocked until a very high level, so specialising in a select few while working together with other players online can be a huge benefit. 
The unwritten goal in ARK, for most players, is to build a somewhat self-sufficient base for yourself and your tribe. Bases are built using a very simple and easy to understand system of square foundations with snapping walls on their four sides and flat roofs on top. Indeed, whoever has played Rust will immediately feel at home, as the whole game plays very much like it. This includes player's characters falling asleep and remaining in the world whenever their pupeteer disconnects, adding additional treat to potential raiders, who will be able to take all of your character's belongings even when you are not on the server. Of course, building a secure base will help combat this threat. 
What sets ARK apart from Rust is its setting (frigging dinosaurs), its general artstyle (sci-fi-looking HUD and inventory/character screen), its graphics (looking seriously impressive) and the fact that you can tame your very own dinos! Instead of killing the giant murder-machines (or players), you can choose to knock them unconscious instead, beginning a rather lengthy taming-process during which you must keep the creature subdued while also feeding it its favoured food. Eventually, it will become your (and your tribe's) companion, able to aid you in combat, bear your burdens and even be ridden as a personal mount (works with flying dinos, too!). What more needs to be said, really.

Yes of course, the game has had a rather shaky launch into Early Access. According to the devs, they did not expect such a large resonance initially, which caused most official servers to crack under the pressure and lag. Also, the stunning graphics of ARK come at a price: Your hardware will suffer. At this point in time, you need a fairly beefy machine to be able to play ARK at a reasonable framerate. The devs are aware of this and are currently working on optimising the game to maximise FPS and minimise lag. 
All of this was to be expected, really and is in no way reason to give ARK a negative review. In fact, the devs claim one of the reasons for the current performance-issues to be their initial focus on content, wanting to give players enough things to do ingame for Early Access, which I think speaks volumes about the good intentions behind this project. 
Indeed, even for Early Access ARK offers a great deal of content and longevity through its progression-system and dinotaming-mechanics, with so much more planned for the future. The performance-issues are being tackled at the time of me writing this review and some first patches have already been rolled out, resulting in some great improvements for a lot of the players. I am very much looking forward to see more stuff added to ARK: Survival Evolved and I believe the very pleasant developers have the right ideas on how to steer it to success.
tl;dr — worth it, loved it, but I'm not very hardcore. 300 hours on record, 100+ of those with my kids. 

And now, STORYTIME: 

I love playing co-op games with my kids. When I looked at [i]ARK: Survival Evolved [/i] (currently in Early Access on Steam) it looked like just such a thing. When I dug into it and learned that I could host a LAN server in my house, and edit The Island to be a bit less deadly and a bit more generous, went all in with my sons.
 
Before long I had all four of my kids playing with me, and each other.
 
Currently my girls are the heavy hitters, training mobs of small dinosaurs, and then marching them into harm's way. The game's A.I. spawns some tough beasts, but short of the epic boss battles (which we have not bothered with), and the Alpha T-Rex (which we haven't run into), nothing stands for long against Keliana's swarm of dilophosaurs and dimorphodons, or Gleek's hopping mob of giant frogs.
 
Keliana and I did run into a bit of trouble with our expedition from the north-east river mouth, but that wasn't her fault. I shall now tell you about it.
 
We  attempted to bring 24 tamed dinos and one tricked-out crafting raft southwest through narrows and swamps. We discovered, after it was too late to turn around, that the size of our mob and the size of our raft made the trip extremely tedious. It didn't get dangerous until I got fed up and decided on a side trip.
 
My plan was simple. Ride Terry, my pteranodon who kept fouling the raft's travel, from our mob's location at the western edge of the Eastern Plains, east and south to a platform we'd been building in the middle of the Eastern Forest. There he'd be high, dry, and safe. I would then parachute back, timing my glide to get me most of the way to safety. It's a high platform, and I'd seen my son make that kind of glide before.
 
(Note: The logic that goes "I saw my son do a thing in a game so it is a thing I can now do" has never gotten me into trouble before, I swear.)
 
A dimorphodon named Zed was following me and Terry. Unfortunately, Zed fell behind, and I forgot he was there. I landed Terry safely, lined up my jump, and leapt back the way we'd come. My chute popped perfectly, and my glide was going to be LONG. Then Zed caught up, flew straight at me, and fouled the lines of my chute.
 
I dropped fast. Not killed-by-the-fall fast, but definitely short-of-my-goal-by-80% fast. I landed in a boulder-filled vale just to the west of the platform. The vale's only other major feature besides boulders was hungry carnivores. I emptied my shotgun into a 'raptor, then finished it off with a pike only to discover that a carnotaur had stopped quarreling with a pair of sabertooths, and was charging me.
 
Carnos charge in straight lines, and turn poorly. I used the terrain to my advantage, and attempted to lead him back into his sabertoothed foes. It worked perfectly, except for the part where they decided to share a meal. I now had three carnivores chasing me.  I almost ran headlong into another sabertooth, but it leaped and I ducked, and then I kept running.
 
"Keliana, where are you?"
 
"North of that purple light. There's a cliff between me and you. You'll need to go around it."
 
I turned and checked to see how close pursuit was.
 
I screamed.
 
The game does a really good job of getting predators right. They don't roar or screech unless they're fighting. They come at you teeth-first, and quietly.
 
I had a perfect view of three sabertooths, one carnotaur, and behind them, just starting to take interest, a pair of tyrannosaurs who I may have run a bit too close to without noticing them.
 
"THERE IS NO AROUND!"
 
The nice thing about video-game cliffs is that if they're not sheer, sometimes you can cheat them, running sideways and down, and landing without having broken your bones. I did this, knowing that my pursuit could do the same thing.
 
I splashed through shallows at the base of the cliffs, and then saw that I was being charged from the front by a velociraptor. It was over.
 
Then I saw that the velociraptor had a saddle on it, and there was a woman in the saddle.
 
"I've got you, Dad!"
 
She and the mob swept past me. I missed what happened next, because it happened behind me. I did get game alerts telling me that my tribe's pets were killing things, but they went by too fast for me to count. I saw exactly zero flashing red alerts, which meant that Keliana had killed everything chasing me without taking any casualties.
 
That's my girl.
 
Are we playing this game the way it was meant to be played? If the online PVP tournaments are any indication, we're doing it all wrong.
 
[b]I base-jumped into a pack of carnivores and got rescued by my daughter, who was riding a velociraptor.[/b]
 
Wrong is fine.

UPDATE: This game holds the record for largest sized game that isn't released. Actually it holds the record for largest sized game period. Like why duh fug is it 108gb? even when it only downloads 30 it still allocates 108gb from my drive. And I have 100's of games. Used to be 200's until I wanted ARK back.
BEFORE YOU PLAY THE GAME
1.) Change inventory keybinding to Tab. Make console "~" Plays off very fluent.
2.) 5,000+ Negative reviews about optimization, You need more than just a great graphics card. This game is more CPU          dependant, I'm using an old 550gtx card and runs pretty smooth and with custom video settings it looks just fine. Tweak with everything for a few minutes, you'll find a good enjoyable setting. Unless you're running an old IBM pc. (lol)
3.) Note that you can customize your character down to hand size, male/female, etc. My only downside is somehow I still look the same as everyone.
OFF TO THE GAMEPLAY
1.) Unique inventory system, you have a mysterious impant in your hand which is the HUD for everything. You learn how to craft everything without a single blueprint through engrams, which better items require certain higher level. There are blueprints to find for a shortcut, but you never Really need them. EDIT: Blueprints can be BETTER than just the original engram I.E higher armor or durability. Survival is basic eat/drink over time it decays like rust, etc.
2.) Supply Drops, (I assume everyone is a test subject sent to this planet and these drops are hi tech packages warped to the land by the Army/Scientist) are also unique rather than a box that falls from a random helicopter. They are level restricted from level 5 to level 45 (so far I've seen). Can drop nearly anything in the game. I.E. Level 5 drop gave me an entire 1 square house, door and all. Drops have a cool and unique item model and the way drops work is just sci-fi-ish and refreshing.
3.) Crafting is Very seamless, pretty much a basic system though, which works just fine for replayablity. Repairs are on the spot until you get better items then you'll use the Smithy. You can refine items so they won't break when you level higher.
4.) Weather system/Temperature is neat. You get hot and cold, leading to burning or freezing to death after a long while. So far I've only seen rain and heavy fog as far as precipitaion. Hopefully while server days pass and development continues We will see snow and disasters such as tornados, typhoons, etc.
5.) Combat. Let's be frank. Task Manager Says is all under processes = "Shooter Game" Basic swing and strike for melee. Iron sights for ranged. Online combat is sketchy due to ping. But Singleplayer/Local is very solid. There are multiple weapon attachments as well. 
6.) Physics in the game are great, due to Unreal 4. But I will ADD THE FALLING DAMAGE NEEDS TO BE TWEAKED. At first I died nearly encumbered falling from maybe a 3 meter drop (thinking, oh I had alot on me it would hurt more). Only to die off the same drop being naked to get my gear back. So water, landscapes, foliage, all great. But FALLING DAMAGE NEEDS TO BE REDUCED. 
7.) Dinosaurs (they are currently adding a multitude of species). Right now there are maybe a dozen different dinos and animals. Like a sabertooth tiger, mammoth, sharks etc. All very well produced and modeled. Sometimes pathing is a little bad, I kill T-Rex's and Bronto just because they get stuck in trees or up a mountain side. Other than that, all dinos attack as they should and look great doing so. The taming method is very tedious, but unique. If you USE a nonlethal weapon on a dino they will go unconsious, which will have a meter telling you how long, and also a meter bar for taming. You simply place the food in their "inventory" wait and protect. Simple yet tedious. Making saddles are level required as well. (i'm to the point in local-play to just "~ ForceTame")
8.) Building is best described as rust or h1z1. Simple place foundation and addon. Yet there are alot of extra things you can do, such as catwalks, ladders, water pipes to transport a water source 17423 miles away. Also pipes can help you find your way around areas (I used some as placements and arrows). There is a modern aspect to building as well. Such as air conditioners, refridgerators, lamps, turrets, all need to be powered by generator and electrical wires. So that's a grade A move, on my part. Also if you play online just simply beware, this is a survival game. Meaning people are psycho.
9.) Finally last and foremost, you can defecate, shit, poop, take a number two, talk to a horse named john, pop a squat, and pick it right up to fertilize your crops (which is VERY nessecary in my case)
SO OVERALL
This game is still in development, it does have it's lower qualities, which I mentioned. BUT, I can see why this game is coming to my Xbox One and PS4, rather than Rust, Dayz (never happening), H1Z1 (who is really gunna play that?), or many other survival games. It is simply because this game has all of the qualities of a AAA game and showed them to a playable extent, which companies like Steam, Sony, and Microsoft will gladly support. And for people who have not been able to play the game. Buy it on your Next Gen console because "PC master race, right?" 

Thanks to anyone who reads this long a$$ review. I've enjoyed the game, killed Broodmother and now resting as a humble Turok. I do think you should try it out before it is bought out by the $60 greedy game publishers. It is fooking worth it.
 I played ARK. I met a man named Jigger Jaw. He was Level 13. I was level 2. We hit it off, and ended up becoming a tribe and hunting together. All was well. He made it to Level 14, I made it to Level 5. But then, I saw a supply drop, in which he said he thought it was Level 15 needed to unlock it. Sparking my curiosity, I told him I would check it out. He stayed at the campfire and told me to watch out for the snake and frog-like creatures. So I got to the supply drop, and I could open it! I got many useful crafting items. I turned back to go to our campfire, but red words of death appeared. Jigger Jaw had been killed by a Level 80 dino. Gasping, I ran back to camp to find him. His remains were nowhere to be found, along with his killer. I messaged him asking if he was around, but got no answer. He had left. Later I found his murderer around the beach, and knew I was not yet ready to face this foe. But I was ready to survive. For Jigger Jaw had taught me how to survive. How to live.

1000/10, friendships made
I have been playing this since February and I still come back to it night after night, with close to 2500 hours and still rising.  This game is fun and easily interactive and very immersive.  I'm a 58 year old single woman and this game helps my ability to strategize and socialize and think ahead and most important, it's just plain FUN!!
Well I have put in over 1,000 hours into this game so I don't need to tell you that I enjoyed the game, but I will anyway.

Before I dive into the actual game I want to talk cons. 
This game requires fairly constant attention if you play with other people. On Lan servers/Solo play this is not as much of an issue, but there are timers on a lot of things that will reset if you don't play often enough. Buildings will be able to be destroyed/auto demolished after a certain number of days. After a set number of days pets will become claimable (this allows other players to take your pets before they starve to death), and then if left unclaimed they will starve to death. If you don't have time and/or a lot of friends to play with it may be hard to keep up with the timers. Thatch houses give you 3 days, Wood gives about 7. pets are usually claimable at the time that wood buildings are allowed to be demoed (PVE) without attacking (PVP). On Private servers/solo play these can be turned off and some are automatically turned off, but in official servers they are unchanging. 

Now on to pros. 
I love how open this game is. I can do what I want, when I want, and wherever I want. If I want to build a castle on top of a mountian I can do just that. If I want to tame a T-Rex, or Quetzalcoatlus (giant flying reptile) I can simply set my sights on that and tame one. I would reccommend starting on an official PVE server and learning the ropes from the helpful sorts that tend to gather there before heading over to any PVP servers. If you start on a PVP for the first time don't be surprised if players destroy your "loot pinata" (house built with easy to break materials like thatch and to a much lesser degree wood) for the easy and free items they can get out of the building. 

Keep in mind this is a survival game. However, unlike some survival games ARK does not penalize you if you die. If you die and don't find your equipment after a while your equipment will disapear, but everything else you have built will not (unless there was a giga attacking your base camp, even then you keep all of your level ups and engrams so it is a lot faster to rebuild.) Go into this game expecting to die. If you are not dying on a regular basis before you reach level 20-30 you are either lucky or have had help. Joining a tribe can help make it easier to stay alive, but is not necessary (I got my first character to level 70 with around 100 pets before I joined my first tribe). I am now on my fourth character (I got bored of demolishing everything on the island with my pet gigas on 3 of the prior 4 and 1 of them I accidentally deleted). 

Also keep in mind that this game is not yet complete. There will continue to be changes made to the game until it is officially released, so be warned that the game is not optimised (may run slow/not at all on mid cost computers), and there are going to be glitches and or things that break between now and completion. We are here testing the game to help them find game breaking bugs, so be sure to report any that occur. 

There are quite a few mods for this game, and many of them are great. I would however reccomend taming all the way up to at least a T-Rex before you start to mod the game. Some of the mods take away from the over all gameplay. 

Hope my review is helpful, and I wish any who play good luck. FYI Official PVE servers are probably the best starting locations for new players.
This is a wonderful world to spend some time in. I'm not talking about the multiplayer mode, never tried it.

If you are like me and you don't want internet morons to ruin your roleplaying experience, I can tell you that as a singleplayer experience this game is more than worth the investment!

It's been over two years and 3000 hours since I first started to play ARK.  I've seen the good, and the bad, and the what the hell.  I've seen the angry folks who can't forgive any misstep, the people who bend over backwards to defend the developer, and everyone in between that just wants to play the damned game.  It's hard to talk about the game without talking about the development cycle so here's the preamble: This was an Early Access game.  It had a checkered past of being filled chock full of bugs (falling through the map when logged out, for example), running at least a year longer in development time than intended, and putting out a paid DLC expansion while still in development.  These are all things that have happened.

Now, with that out of the way, yes, I recommend ARK.  With caveats.  

Quite a few, actually.

You see, what first got me here, and might be getting you here, is the notion of taming dinosaurs.  And let me tell you, I still love riding a rex and eating things.  I love having a grouping of dinos that are just . . . mine.  I grew up loving dinosaurs.  I still love them.  What kept me here is that plus building.  I love building.  It's fun to make things, giant things, pretty things, fantastic things. But, what enables these things in a way that makes them enjoyable are (A) mods.  Lots of mods.  (B) an unofficial server (C) reasonable people to play with, regardless of PvE or PvP.

Let's hit up the main game experience first.  You load into your chosen world, and are prompted to create your version of a dude or a lady, then, when finished, you spawn in, naked but for some undies laying somewhere on a beach or the jungle.  And then, almost immediately after, you are eaten.  You may or may not even see your attacker.  You spawn again.  This time, you get a good look around (and almost assuredly turn down your graphical settings; the game has been optimized but it's still overly demanding) and you get to see the raptor running at you before being attacked by the rest of the raptors following that one, and boom, dead again.  You spawn in a third time and, assuming you aren't on a PvP server where griefers reign, you will live.  You see a few wandering creatures, and you start picking berries from bushes so you don't starve.  Hitting trees for thatch. Picking up stones from the ground.  Now you have a stone pick, a building plan you start with, and you can start to harvest rocks.  And then a dilophosaurus spits on you, blinding you while it eats you.  You spawn in again, and once again are naked and tool-less.  You can now choose: run to your corpse to retrieve your belongings, or start anew.  Here's what you'll keep if you die: your experience, and your “engrams” building plans that you have personally memorized.  Anything and everything else can be lost.  Dinosaurs, buildings, items, anything.  If you're on PvP, the you ARE setting yourself up for potentially losing hours to days to even months of work in the possible blink of an eye.  On PvE, you only lose the items on you when you die, your dinosaurs to other dinosaurs, or structures to rampaging beasts that detect you or a tamed dino, which they apparently find super interesting and immediately tasty, and they will chew through your house to get to the meaty treat inside.  That means a sufficient wall will keep those out.  There are ways to safeguard, but the potential for loss is always there.

Now, on to the points. There are free official map “mods”, and the best of those, visually, is one called Ragnarok.  The original Island is fine for starting out on, but Ragnarok has a bit of everything, including a smattering of most of the things from Scorched Earth, the DLC expansion they released during development.  There are also building and decoration mods, Structures + being the most well known, so well known that Wildcard themselves have decided to implement features of that mod into the base game; it includes a variety of quality of life features that allow for easier building as well as automation of some of the more tedious farming and upkeep requirements.  There are decorative mods, the most robust being eco's series of mods.  There is a rather in depth building mod for medieval style building called Castles, Keeps, and Forts, which allows for a different style and look over the original materials.  There's even mods to speed along the taming times by causing hunger while simultaneously delivering torpor.  If all this seems like a lot to cover, it is, at first.  You may or may not be better off trying ARK in single player to test it out vanilla first, but sooner or later, you'll want a server, because this game isn't built nor balanced for single player.

When you pick servers, if you happen to be a masochist, I'd suggest choosing an official server, which will have default tame times and harvesting ratios and the whole thing will take you a while.  If you hate yourself, choose an offical PvP server.  Otherwise, I heartily suggest finding a friend, an acquaintance, or just picking at random and signing in to an unofficial server.  See, those servers can change taming times to be more reasonable.  There are dinosaurs that, without the super master taming food, can take upwards of 8 hours, depending on the level.  This is reasonable only if you have a tight knit group willing to take shifts to tend to the creature.  Even in PvE, a wandering meat eater of some kind can happen upon the unconscious dinosaur and ruin the tame.  It can be even harder/worse with “passive” tames, where you toss it food and then wait as it wanders, possibly coming in contact with all manner of dangerous creatures.  A server with altered stats for taming, harvesting, breeding, and more is in my opinion a must for full enjoyment of the game past the mark of a week.

Which I feel leads me to the last point, if you join a server where there are griefers, PvE or PvP, you're gonna have a bad time.  PvP griefing is obvious, but even worse is the PvE griefer which builds items to block spawns, and then continues to check in so their built roadblocks don't decay.  You will need to find reasonable folks, regardless of your preferred playstyle (unless that playstyle is griefer, in which case, I dunno man).

With those three things taken care of, the game will be a wonderful experience.  2000 of those 3000 hours I've played have been on modded, changed stat maps in PvE, and it's why I've played as long as I have. 

Also, as a note, though this game has offically been launched, it is still under development.  They are revamping some of their earlier creatures, putting out new DLC, and they patch it constantly. The game as-is is over 100 gigs of information on a hard drive.  You'll need several gigs more if you want mods.  It doesn't run well on low end machines, I doubt it's ever going to be optimized for them.  Also, find an active server, otherwise you're waiting on the admin to update the server for way too long.

Happy hunting, and tame a rex for me, survivors.
This is one of the best survival games I have ever played and it's only in early access right now. There is already a ton of content and the game looks beautiful. There are a few bugs here and there and the game still needs to be optimized for better performance (Devs said this is in progress already) but right out of the gates, this game is amazing.

There currently is no tutorial for what to do or how to progress but it's a survival game so it's fun to learn the hard way, especially when the hard way means getting your body gnawed on by dinosaurs. When you first join the game you are welcomed by a character creation screen. You can choose either Male or Female and then customize your look. The customization is a little sparse at the moment with some awkward scale adjustments for the body. After fiddling around with it for a while, I just ended up going with something very close to the default look.

Once you create your character and choose one of 4 general areas to spawn (North/South/East/West) you find yourself waking up on a beach and scratching your arm that has some weird implant in it. This implant seems to be the key to how you manage your inventory, crafting, and leveling up. The first thing you will notice when you start on your beach is just how good this game looks and it is truly beautiful. The sun is beating down onto the beach where the water meets the sand. The trees in the richly detailed forest sway in the wind and the grass and foliage cover the landscape before you. So much vibrant life all around you and then you see the dinosaurs. 

The dinosaurs are very detailed and bring a since of awe to the game just like the first scene you see in Jurassic Park. Luckily you see mostly herbivores but do be careful because there are some small carnivores you can run into on the beach as well. It seems that the most dangerous wildlife can be found more inland. That isn’t to say that these herbivores are pushovers. That triceratops or giant turtle will most likely kill at this point in the game, so don’t attack them just yet. 

You begin your hard life of survival punching some trees and picking up rocks until you can craft your first pickaxe and move on from there. You can collect berries and fibers from the plant life, bash giant boulders to smithereens, and chop down any tree. You will need all of these materials to craft better items, starting with some clothes to cover up your nakedness.  

This brings us to experience. You gain experience throughout the game from doing any action. Collecting materials, crafting, and combat all add to your experience pool. If you are in a tribe you gain bonus xp from your tribe mates. Once you level up you get to choose one stat to increase permanently (health, stamina, attack, weight, etc…) and then you earn some engram points to use towards learning new items to craft. The more you level, the stronger you get and the more you learn to craft. So far this is the only way to learn recipes for crafting.

This is a survival game as well so you have to keep an eye on your overall health. You can’t let yourself get too hot or cold, clothes, fire, and water help with this. You can’t let yourself starve so you need to forage for berries and hunt the wildlife. With eating comes defecating so make yourself regularly take a dump or your character will just act like a horse and take it anywhere they please. Actions require stamina and your character will tire if the stamina is depleted. You need to stay hydrated as well so go dunk your head in some water or craft a flask. If you take an excessive blow or fall from too high you will break a bone and walk at a snail’s pace so do be careful.

You can hunt the dinosaurs in this game but you can also tame and even ride some of them. This process can be long depending on the dinosaur you wish to tame so be prepared before you do so. You basically either punch or shoot them with sling shots/arrows until they get knocked unconscious. Once unconscious you need to load them up with their respective food type (berries for herbivores, meat for carnivores). Make sure you have narco berries to feed them as well so that they can stay under for the entire time it takes. Some dinosaurs take a single in game day to tame while others can take multiple days. It is always easier to tame a dinosaur with a group of friends. If you have learned the ability to craft that dinos saddle, then you can also ride them to your heart’s content.

This also brings us to the multiplayer interaction. This is a survival game so banding together with others increases your odds of survival. You also have to be weary of those who don’t have your welfare in mind and are only looking out for themselves. If you can band together you can create your own tribal town with dino protectors and likeminded players. This will also protect you from those looking to do harm. When you log out of the game your character goes to sleep and is vulnerable. If you have friends and tamed dinos, this makes it safer to log out when you are done. 

There is so much to this game and it is only in early access. The devs have promised a plethora of more content to come and I am looking forward to all of it. For now I will try and do my best to survive this harsh world. My next goal is to tame a raptor and ride him/her… if it doesn’t kill me first…
[h1]Summary:[/h1]

ARK: Survival Evolved is one of those games that can be difficult to decide on purchase due to the polarizing opinions you will often see from the community.  This title is for people who enjoy an unforgiving survival experience, deep craftng/progression systems and building.  But most of all, it is for those of us that light up with a smile and hear Jurassic Park music in our heads because we love dinosaurs so much.  ARK is quite possibly one of the most ambitious games I've ever engaged with when you look at the various systems at play (food/water, resources, taming, etc.).  I'm hoping that this review will serve as a fresh assessment on the game, considering that I purchased at the end of 2017 when it had already been released out of early access.  I haven't had the opportunity to become jaded through these release cycles, and look at this purely based on my experience as a working title now that I have sunk enough hours in to feel comfortable on this review.  While I realize in retrospect that the publisher released a paid expansion onto the game before it was even a fully released game, my experience tells me that the core game by itself will give you [b]far more[/b] hours than most games on the store.

[h1]Pros:[/h1]

[list][*]DINOSAURS!!  I don't think I'm alone in my infatuation of dinosaurs.  Jurassic Park movies now span across several different age generations, and I'm near positive that regardless of your background or culture, there might have been a few plastic dinosaurs around your house when you were a kid.  The excitement you receive as a new player when seeing your first dinosaurs is something truly special and would often strike awe.  Whether it's the first time you see a brontosaurus towering above you or the first time you get mauled in the face by a raptor, there are always memorable moments.  There are 167 creatures with assuredly more to come, so there is plenty of opportunity to find new curiosities if you like to explore.

[*]The crafting system will both shine as a pro and a con, but it has certainly been one of the more enjoyable aspects of the game for me.  For transparency I have played some PvP on official servers, but a majority of the time on my account so far has been on my private server with a few friends.  Once you add in some of the Workshop mods for the game such as [url=http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731604991]Structures Plus+[/url], the possibilities for your imagination really open up with what is possible within the game...[url=http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1281485475]I even started to build my own castle using a different mod.

[*]The ability to cater to so many different types of players is certainly something that should be noted.  With the ability to play on either PvE (Player vs Environment) or PvP (Player vs Player) official servers,  as well as host or pay for your own private servers, really opens the options up wide for what type of game experience you want.  Would you rather build an amazing base and tame dinosaurs, or use your dinosaurs to try and conquer against other players?  This in addition to mod support from the Steam Workshop really allows this game to be the kind of experience you prefer to play if you are creative enough.

[*]Similar to the crafting it will serve primarily as a pro, but with some con listed below.  Beyond that disclaimer lets be honest, this game is gorgeous.  The game is running UE4 using a lot of assets from the UE4 workshop which has probably made the game easier to scale into it's ambitious state.  There are moments where I'll just stop and look at at a vista or look up at the sky for a moment to take it all in.[/list]


[h1]Cons:[/h1]

[list][*]Do you have a good computer?  No but seriously...do you?  This game is an absolute beast to run with settings turned up.  Part of this is because of the sheer expansiveness of the environments they have crafted, some of this could probably boil down to optimization.  Running a 1080ti I can do most games at 4k resolution (if not slightly tweaked down), but running this game on epic is beyond being an option.  If you fall into column B and know that your computer might not be up to snuff, you will either have to enjoy potato graphics settings, or may not like the experience at all.

[*]Snap points and terrain/mesh issues become a very common occurrence during your playtime in ARK, and one that will infuriate you some days and on others just annoy you.  As long as you have a good attitude most of these things can be funny as long as you have the philosophy that nothing is sacred in ARK, and that you might lose everything including dinosaurs in a single moment.  Regardless of how you cope, be prepared to lose a few hours here or there because a dinosaur got stuck in a tree or a rock.  Also be prepared to yell at your monitor when building sometimes, because a piece will just simply refuse to go where you want it to.  Beyond this the game has it's fair share of bugs as well, but the sheer scope of the game and the fun you can have at the very least make this more redeeming.

[*]I would say that this would be rather specific to the type of player that I am, but PvP can be very difficult for a casual player on official servers.  In a younger stage of my life I avidly played MMOs and would graciously spend my waking life at the PC, and there will be an audience of players that are in fact looking exactly for this.  Unless you are able to secure joining a large tribe of players and or play a large amount of time, you're living in ARK will be "humble" to say it nicely.  While I still enjoy what time I have played PvP and do plan on playing more soon, I could see this being a punishing aspect for newer or more casual players.  Metas may become frustrating, and some of the reasons that I'm not upset with the developers on,  may instead be something you are upset about in this situation.  As a lone wolf you can still have fun in the game on a public PvP server, provided you do not want to complete all the content.[/list]

[h1]Conclusion:[/h1]

For people who have not played ARK and are considering to pick-up this title, seriously don't fret over the mixed reviews.  The base game will provide you more hours of content than 98% of games on the Steam store, and the season pass could potentially provide you just as much.  Play the game in the ways that [i]you enjoy having fun[/i], if you aren't enjoying yourself you are probably doing it wrong.  Choose PvP vs PvE based on your needs and play style, and if you get really bored just spin-up your own server and start having some mod and admin fun!  I would suggest this game to anyone who likes a challenging experience, enjoys progression and enjoys an open world with beautiful attractions.



[i]If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Original_Curators_Group#curation]Follow Original Curator Group[/url]
I played this game almost 4000 hours. Im just now writing a review because this game has had its ups and downs. Official servers are completely impossible for starting players. Believe me, just dont bother with official. But there are so many unofficial servers and communities that make the game a blast. Ark has its bugs and after playing for years i can tell you thats its come SO FAR since release(in good and bad ways). The Ark experience is one of a kind and definitely worth your time, especially after you dive into the story line (which takes effort to do).
It all began with a noob trying to figure out the game alone on a pvp server. I didn't know it was pvp until i was raided, but i realized my thatch wasnt't going to stop anybody, so i rebuilt a wooden fortress, tamed a few dilos and raptors. Find a few other noobs and make a family together. Working hard and proud on our home, we ventured through our island chopping down trees, and killing what we could. Then the server wiped. We understood it was a great time to move to a better location, block off a cave and pray no one f****s with us. By the end of the day we're so much more advanced than others that we have no fear.

Fast foward weeks, the chinese attack, killing all our dinos. Poor Rexes...i will miss you colossus. We liberate chinese held caves, and open them to the public. The whole server rallies to demolish the chinese griefer cells, and send them back to the stone ages.

Fast forward a few more weeks, and things are peaceful. Expanded locations allowed us more resources and dinos, while also allowing fast travel locations.

Then you get big tribes trying to police the world.

 My final straw was realizing a group of four, could never take on a group of 15. I tried diplomacy, but realized, why the f*** am i going to these lengths for some Dbag i don't even know?
I burned out on the diplomatic, and relations part of the game in pvp. Its too much of a pain to maintain those relationships constantly.

If you're new, go pve to learn the basics. If you want to try you're luck at pvp, i'm all for it, its fun. Until you have to deal with people who have all the power on a server, because they have more numbers.
This reveiw is for the offline singleplayer.
I had a lot of fun with this game. 
After a day or so of screwing around I had a nice little house established and decided I was ready to tame dinosaurs. The first thing I tamed was a dodo, a hot pink dodo that I named Ramirez. I decided to leave her at home while i went hunting so she would stay safe.
I thought I could take on a trike which it turns out was a big fucking mistake. It was unimpressed with my offensive capabilities so I ran away and hid on a rock stack like a bitch. 
It refused to leave me alone and I had resigned myself to my new life on that rock when I saw Ramirez waddling down the beach to save me. She pecked it right in the anus, it turned around and punted her halfway across the island.
I never saw her again.
Don't name your pets, it'll just be sadder when they die.
10/10
After 6,000 Hours, I think I can finally write a review. 

First off, this game is constantly being worked on. There is ALWAYS something new. I have played since day 1 (sometimes not very well ;) ) and I can say that this game has changed tremendously, overall for the good. Everything that is an issue is handled either by the Devs, Mod Creators or by Server Owners.

Pros:
*Being a server owner I look into all of the complaints and tweak the game to my player base liking. 
*This game has everything you could want out of an MMO. 
*Explorer notes to delve into the story-line
*You can Roleplay
*Grind out materials 
*Build to your hearts content 
*Tame hundreds of beautiful DINOSAURS <3
*Play solo 
*Play with large groups
*Constant updates and events
*Private servers have actual communities, player bases and privately hosted events
*Endless game-play on hundreds of different servers with different play styles. -- Re-playability, 100% -- 
*Any negative review you see can be handled by a personal server owner and should not be held negatively against the game. (Yeah i'm pretty sure i've read 90% of them over the years)
*People of ALL AGES play. This is not just a "child" or "old person"'s game. I literally have players on my server from age 9 to 70.
*Graphics quality - You might need a great computer to get full potential, but still gorgeous with lesser computers
*Price/quality - Worth the Price if you can find a COMMUNITY. Solo playing is just as fun, but being in a tribe can really immerse you more and give you a sense of purpose in the game.
*Difficulty - Depends on the SERVER. There are very many insanely easy and insanely difficult servers, you CAN find what suits you <3
*Game Length - Endless <3
*Story Line - Maybe difficult to follow unless you're the "questing" type, there are websites for this though.
*Weather System
*Crafting System - Engrams
*People from ALL COUNTRIES can play this game with stability (Server Dependent) 
*Can play PVE or PVP or BOTH! - at the same time! -See Community Servers <3

Middle Ground:
I have seen Ark literally become people's escape / 2nd life. This game is very immersive!!

Cons:
*Sometimes it becomes people's second life
*OFFICIAL SERVERS - These communities are not welcoming, and are normally dominated by one group over several hundred servers, normally you can not even play due to Omega tribes, and if you are GRANTED the right to play, you will be a "farm bitch" for several hundred hours to prove yourself before you can do ANYTHING else. Official Servers are Toxic and make several thousand people quit monthly.
*Random glitches depending on the maps (Bugs occasionally)
*Graphics quality - You might need a great computer to get full potential, but still gorgeous with lesser computers
*Story Line - Maybe difficult to follow unless you're the "questing" type, there are websites for this though.

I would HIGHLY recommend this game, over and over. I even have customers (in my salon) I tell on a daily basis and give them the info for my servers and they become addicted quickly! This game is near perfection. Don't get me wrong, it has its faults, but the Pros far out-weigh the Cons!!!!

If anyone has any questions about anything not mentioned feel free to message me on steam!!
Got killed by a brontosaurus while taming a pteranadon in the jungle at night because a T-rex attacked it. 

Came back to find someone looting my corpse. Killed her with my fists.

Her boyfriend stabbed me in the back of the head. Died.

Respawned, re-equipped, dodge shots from my OWN GUN THAT THEY STOLE, killed boyfriend with spear to the face.

Punched out woman while she was screaming profanity's at me in in-game voice chat. 

Drowned her in a river, screaming the whole time. 

Got all my stuff back.

Threw a grenade into the thieves thatch hut. Boom.

Justice.

10/10 Would justice again.

In all seriousness, the Official servers lack clear rules and administration. Do yourself a favor, find a good unofficial server, and the game will be loads better. No hacking, no cheaters, no lag, no rubberbanding, etc. You'll also find a better community on these servers, which is part of the fun in a game like this. 

As for leveling, it's quite easy, as everything you do that requires input from yourself except taming, gives you exp from 1 to 67, which is current max level. Hence, you don't have to move on to a new area, like some other games on the market. 

The game is harsh, however, and it does not go easy on you. If your T-rex dies, that you just spent 7 hours taming, it's dead. There's no way to bring it back, or rez it, or take backs. If you get overly attached to the things you tame, play PVE. You'll have a much more fun time, because if you play PVP, you may just log in naked on the beach with everything you own destroyed. Again, play on an unofficial with rules that you agree with. Some unofficials don't allow base leveling, or killing of passive dino's, etc. 

You'll want to find a tribe, because the more people you have working on a base, the stronger it will be, and the less time it will take building it. Once you get to metal tier, the sheer amount of stones you need to make a small metal building will be astonishing, so you need to work with others to accomplish goals that are out of a single players reach. 

If you play on a PVP server, know that at some point, you will wake up dead. It's only a matter of time before this happens. Expect it, and have a backup plan. IE: A small hidden home, preferrably metal, with supplies for retaming, rearming, retooling, etc., so that you don't have to start from a stone axe again. 

Overall, it's an excellent experience, as long as you are OK with an EA title. You'll find bugs that will screw you over and cause you to lose tons of your time, but that's par for the course at this stage of development. 

There is no other survival game on the market that comes close to Ark at the moment. My playtime attests to that fact. 

If you pick it up, good luck on the isle! If you have questions, stop by my stream and ask away. I'm live from Morning (10 AM MST) to afternoon (3PM MST), and from evening (6-7PM MST) until late at night (1-3AM MST). On day 16 of a 30 Day streaming challenge, so 7 days a week.

twitch.tv/faceaaa
When you read these reviews please make note of the player's hours. (Not saying you need hours to judge, but that there is a reason many people have well over 1-2k hours in this game.)

Ark is a childhood fantasy come true. It's like a mix of Jurassic Park and Minecraft with a touch of DayZ. Ark is the kind of game where if you ask for help or report a glitch on the forums you will be answered by an actual dev and the glitch will be addressed within hours to days. Wildcard Studios *from day one to the present* have been very responsive and are an excellent team.

I can't give a rating out of 10 compared to a complete game because Ark is an alpha, but as alphas go; 100/10



Update: Over two years ago I heard about a survival game where you could hunt and tame dinosaurs. I checked out their website, watched their announcement trailer- and got goosebumps.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW9vsrPWujI 

To this day Ark is the best EA game I've ever played. There have been a lot of changes and for a while I didn't like where the PVP was going, (booku saddles, forcefeeding bullet sponges, jet-powered Pteras, etc.), but there are always tweakable options so you can find or operate a server that's just right for you.

People are currently pumping out bad reviews for Ark based on its release price, (like 7k recent salty reviews because of money politics,) and things like the *completely realistic and justified* flyer nerf- Don't let their hate make you miss out on this game. Compared to the average AAA game Ark was a steal at 30$. So wait for a sale, you won't be disappointed.
I played a few hours of this game so i figured i might do a review.
It was a great game for a while, then the chinese found the game and loved it. however organized groups of trolls and griefers decided to "make war" on many of the servers. the developers taking a hands off approach did nothing about it.
many servers were ruined and the player base left in droves.
I went from server to server, sometimes fighting back, sometimes hiding. always in the end I was pushed to breaking point. I would make gains in the daytime and by night my stuff would be attacked.
I stayed up at odd hours to defend my property, eventually I was ground down and killed.
I went through 4 public PVP servers when the chinese invasion first hit. lost several tribes of good people who one by one fell apart under the pressure to keep things running.

In that respect I feel the developers failed me as a player. they took a hands off approach and forever scarred my experience of the game.

Now my views on the game irrespective of social and dev issues:

Pro's: 
the game looks beautiful
gameplay is tight
sounds are good
AI is acceptable mostly
lots and lots of stuff to do
PVP and PVE
Custom servers
MOOOODS!

Con's:
public servers are really bad and not administered
There is no offline protection
There is limited enjoyment to be had from PVE as 3/4 of stuff is pvp oriented
the game is a huge time sink


Now, the number one Issue i have is that, the  game caters to players who play all the time, like anyone who is a 3hr per day type person simply cannot play PVP or enjoy it. and if they do usually its on the backs of a group of people who play 11hr+ a day keeping things running and protected.
This one single issue, is why the game annoys me, without offline protection, the game puts too much pressure on smaller groups forcing them to join larger groups simply to have any fun at all. this wieghting towards larger tribes basically destroys any aspirations of long term play for any group.

Life cycle within the game is basically.  tribes get bigger and bigger, biggest tribe rules and kills anyone who annoys them, and eventually starts killing people because they can, around that time, they usually force many smaller tribes out of the server and then eventually they break up and leave.

someone fills the power gap and it starts all over again.

That being said, the game is fun, and rewarding, you can make great friends and have alot of fun. you can also subject yourself to sleepless nights. worry and lose friends over it. so its your choice how you play the game, but play it to have fun.



====== Post Transfers Review==========
So, the developers reactivated transfering characters and dinos across servers, originally i was not a fan of this severely broken mechanic, but its grown on me over the past several months of play.
It seems to have had the effect of making tribes get even bigger to keep thier servers safe from outsiders. but in the end, if someone comes to a server to wipe it. its being wiped no matter how much stuff you have or people you have. because you do not know its comming until its too late.

Theres definately some kinks to work out in the transfer system to allow defenders a better chance at protecting themselves from offline raids and across server invasions.
the number of servers being wiped is steadily increasing as more and more tribes push out to attack old enemies.

Looking forwards to see how the developers change the transfer mechanic once they see how its being used.


===========Post Being part of a Baddass multi server alpha tribe===============
So its been a few more months since transfers got activated, since then I became part of my servers alpha tribe, joined a multi server coalition of tribes for mutual defence.
Fought off multiple tribes run by some of the biggest twitch and youtube streamers on ark official servers and generally had a bunch of fun finally getting back at some of those tribes who attacked me long ago.

Is ark still interesting to me?  yes and no.  while I enjoy the pvp elements of the game more and more, I no longer get a chance to just have some fun taming a dino or going out to craft and build things.

You see once your tribe becomes truely huge, you just have too many bases to maintain or build, you have too many dinosaurs to look after and you have too many demands on your time from raising baby dinos to farming bullets and fuel and fertalizer to keep your defences running.

The ark developers recently made certain resources be consumed faster so base maintinence is more annoying than it was. and with the impending release of the game, there are still many issues I have with the game that I would have expected to be fixed before release.
so Im taking a break for a while, maby after release ill do another review, hopefully things are sorted by then.


====================================== early post release review=======
Looks like many of the anti dupe protections now work, new servers, ect is cool.

but... within a day everyone who was abandoned on the "legacy servers" came over to the new ones and took over every server which means alllll the new players basically got slaughtered and will have no chance to get anywhere thanks to power levelling.
sooo... i dont know... same game as before. doesnt feel released.
Day 1: Wake up on strange island. Poop. Pick up poop. See dino. Throw dino with poop. Dino doesn't like it. Dino kills me.
Day 2: Punch trees. It hurts. Make tools. It was super effective. Runs into jungle with spear. Gets killed by a rex.
Day 3: Met people. They gave me stuff. I like them. Knock me out. They drag me to a prison. I'm stuck.
Day 4: Start punching walls. Nothing happens. I call for help. Captors come back and feed me.
Day 5: Captors are offline. Run around in cell. Die of starvation. Escape.
Day 6:Tamed a pack of dilos. They kill everything. I get food. Today was a good day.
Day 7: Woke up in prison. Same captors. Someone drops a spear outside window. I take spear.
Day 8: Wait for captors to return. One enters through the door. I stab him. He dies. I kill their dinos. Today was a good day.



10/10 would play again.
Note: I only play unofficial and on single player.

This game is surprisingly fun. Taming dinos, building bases, and breeding for mathematically optimal creatures is compelling and can cause you to lose quite a bit of time. Overall I would recommend it if you plan to have your own server or join a friendly group.

---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

** Note that this is ONLY possible with a computer with specs far above what should be for other games with similar fidelity. The optimization is quite lacking.

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

** You are never safe in this game. Sometimes a giant dino will just destroy you for no reason.

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☑ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

** At official settings it's way too much for me.

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☑ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-Made a tiny home out of thatch
-Knocked out a few different Dinos
-Learned how to tame
-Random Raptor comes out of nowhere, Kills me
-Spawn again, Start to swim back to my stuff
-Raptor again, Die
-Watch it run away, Grab my stuff
-Find/ trick raptor to attack again, Stab it to death
-Hack away at it while I defecate on it's corpse
-Find a Dodo army, Knock one out, Kill the rest
-Tame Dodo, Named it Dumbo
-Walk back home with Dumbo
-The adventure begins
*EDIT*
-The adventure continued
-Walk along beach till I find friend
-Chase supply drop
-Friend get's killed by Dilos, Dilos kill Dumbo
-Punch Dilos out of rage. kill one and die
-Come back to gather our belongings, Loot Dumbo
-Find Dilo
-Decided Dilo can spend his life in hell, knock it out and tame her
-Named it Dil Don't
-Meet up with friend, fu*ck around for a bit
-Find some Dodos, Kill 3 tame one
-Named it Dumbo Jr.
-One more Friend comes on, start making base.
-Leave Dil Don't and Dumbo Jr at base, leave to get matirials
-Notifacation the Dumbo Jr has died, Freak out
-Arrive to find Dil Don't Killing another Dilo
-Dil Don't gets revenge for Dumbo Jr
-Loot Dumbo Jr's corpse and find her egg
-The Adventure continues
*EDIT 2*
-The Adventure Continued
-Still pis*sed about loss of Dombo Jr, Decide not to tame Dodos until it is safe
-Tribe and I decide we need meat, For Dil Don't and us
-Run around killing fish, Dilos and Dodos, Spot a Parasaur being dumb
-Ask tribe if we have Narcoberries, We do
-It's Time
-Take out my slingshot and tribe proceeds to surround the beast
-Take aim and fire, headshot
-Chase the beast around flinging rocks at it, It runs into a rock and get's stuck
-After a little longer he's down, Shove all my berries into his inventory
-Have one friend stay and make sure he eats his Narcoberries, Me and Dil Don't go hunting
-Take out some turtles and Dilos while other friend runs over
-Spot some more Parasaurs, decide for some bigger game
-Take out 1 but 3 other attempts failed
-Friend has tamed the Parasaur, Named it Pee Tree 
-Time skip while gathering food and supplies, Basically we want to move from the beach
-Tribe and I leave behind Pee Tree and Dil Don't to find a way up the mountain
-On our way up we all get separated, I make it to the top
-Fu*cking view right outta Jurassic Park, One large lake and a lot of big Dinos, I'm in love
-Run down along the herbivores and watch a Raptor get killed by Tyrannosaurus X2
-Spot a slight line between herbivores and carnivores, stick with the plant eaters
-Make it to the lake and spot some Mammoths, I want one
-Look just past them and see a T-rex on the opposite side of the lake
-Run back to friends, Once back see one of them has a Dilo named Moogle
-Dil Don't is female and Moogle is male, Start to plan birthing an army of Dilos
-Tribe and Dinos in tow start towards the location I found
-Have some hiccups on the way because Pee Tree's path finding is garbage
-Along the way we find Phiomia along the way
-Get excited about riding it, One member keeps going while me and another hang back to tame
-Tame it and we Named him Truffles, Realize I'm almost level 10
-Run around gathering and killing smaller Dinos for hide and finally I'm level 10
-Now I make a saddle for Truffles but also a saddle for Pee Tree
-Me and friend ride our Dinos to the location, Him on Truffles and me on Pee Tree
-We arrive in the dead of night and start building
-The adventure continues...........
I am convinced that the Survial game genera is a big joke on us. Its a big socilogical experiment and we are the Guinea Pigs. Most of the time this game is so much fun, but then some jerk does the equivalent of Home Invasion in real life and ruins everything. They scream and shout about PvP and so on. PvP is garbage in this game. Tribe Warfare and PvP when you and your oponent are on even ground is fun. Being lvl 65 or 100 depending what you play on, and running around picking up and dropping new spawns isnt pvp, thats pretty much just going to the newborn ward at the local hospital and punching babies. Mostly its high level people and large Tribes wiping out smaller ones for some weird reason.  Alot of the interactions that go on in game are mostly people whom are very "small" in real life, who are a bit to big for their britches in game. (Yeah I said Britches,,whats up ?)   One of my first encounters with the lower lifeforms in this game was as I was taming a dino with  some tribe members, two people came up to us and accused us of stealing something. We didnt, and we told them that. They decided anyways to Tranq me and when I dare voice my displeasure over it, the female aggressor killed me, and said that I should be nice..... I called her a scumbag.  Oh well life goes on.
Anyways whole point being this game will pretty much let you live out your sociopathic fantasys of murdering people for nothing, and more than likely be stabbed to death in a dark jungle by a 15 year old.  Mostly this game is just an excuse to act crappy toward people with no reprocussions.

BUT :PvP can be great when things are relativly fair. Rideing dinosaurs is great, EVERYTHING about this game is awesome. EXCEPT other people, who mostly spend time griefing. Find a good server. Find a group of people, not just 1-4 guys. I mean like 15-20 people. Then the game will really shine.


Also to the Toxic comments I keep Deleteing, IDGAF about you thoughts feelings or opinions. Go write your own review.  Im not going to accept friend requests, and I am not going to Trade you anything.
[h1]=====[ Graphics ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Really bad.
  ☐ Bad.
  ☐ OK.
  ☐ Good.
  ☑ Beautiful.
  ☐ Masterpiece.

[h1]=====[ Requirements ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Potato.
  ☐ Minimum.
  ☐ Medium.
  ☐ Fast.
  ☑ High end.
  ☐ NASA computer.

[h1]=====[ Difficulty ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ My dog could play it.
  ☐ Ez.
  ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master.
  ☑ Hard
  ☐ Soul crushingly difficult.

[h1]=====[ Audience ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Kids.
  ☐ Adults.
  ☐ Everyone.
  ☑ Casual players.
  ☐ Pro players.

[h1]=====[ Game length ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Really short (0 - 2 hours).
  ☐ Short            (2 - 8 hours).
  ☐ Few              (8 - 12 hours).
  ☐ Long             (12+ hours).
  ☑ Endless

[h1]=====[ Bugs ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Game itself is one big BUG.
  ☐ Bugs destroying the game.
  ☑ Lots of bugs.
  ☐ Few bugs.
  ☐ You can use them for speedrun.
  ☐ Nothing.

[h1]=====[ DLC ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ None.
  ☐ Pointless.
  ☐ Costly.
  ☑ Content that should be in game.
  ☐ Shut up and take my money.

[h1]=====[ Overall ]=====[/h1]
  ☐ Bad.
  ☐ Ok.
  ☐ Good.
  ☑ Nice.
  ☐ Perfect.

[h1]=====[ Note ]=====[/h1]
 [i]Prepare to rage when your base gets absolutely demolished by a t-rex.[/i]
Almost 2000 hours on ARK and I'm still addicted to it. 
It is honestly a good game. New updates and content almost weekly, lots of dinos and stuff to do. It's somewhat one of those games where you always have something to do. 

Yes, you have to do a lot of grinding, especially if you're a solo player.
Yes, you will die a lot. 
Yes, you will lose your dinos because of random reasons.
Yes, you will have to run for your life sometimes.

I've seen people complain a lot about the "poor optimization". Darlings, don't expect it to be perfect; the game is still in alpha stage. Have patience, they're still adding a lot of awesome content and they'll get to the optimization part in time.

It's true, you will experience a lot of stupid stuff like your dinos randomly disappearing, platforms randomly appearing at 50 50, not being able to find your body after you die due to it falling under the map or something like that. Yea, stuff like that can happen, not very often, but it can happen. So what? Get mad and get over it. They are still working on the game and eventually stuff like this will be fixed.    

Anyway, in the end, if you like survival games and grinding, you should give ARK a try. I've had a lot of fun in my almost 2000 hours on this game. I've died many, MANY times, I've lost my stuff and dinos many times and got angry at the game, but in the end I still love the game. Now that I look back at my past in this game, I remember how much fun all of those adventures actually were and all those losses were actually useful; it's like real life, you learn from your mistakes. 

So buy ARK, be part of the community. I hope you'll enjoy the game and meet a lot of great people like I did. :)
Hi There!

I've put around 450 hours into ARK: Survival Evolved which, compared to many reviews, isn't a huge amount. In this time, however, I've played on both PVP and PVE servers and had a go at hosting a server of my own.

When I first bought ARK I quit the game after 2 minutes and didn't return to it for months. My PC isn't a beast, but it plays all the games I own at a decent Frames Per Second with good settings. I was absolutely astounded, however, when I could barely hit 10 FPS on the lowest of settings. It was completely unplayable and a great deal of the community had the same problem. A few months later and the developers have patched and updated the game so much that, with a few 'launch parameters', I can play this game at around 50 FPS with good settings. This game IS demanding, but I would think negatively towards anyone who doesn't recommend this game based on it's performance. It's come along way already - think how much further it can be optimised!

But most people know about the performance issues and if YOU didn't know about them before this, I suggest you read into it on the forums etc. to make sure you'll be happy with the game you purchase. Now that the boring stuff is out of the way, let's talk about the gameplay!

The first server I joined was an Official PVP server. This means that the gather rate, XP gain, taming speed etc. was all at standard speed (x1). If you're new to the game, or you've only played on x1 servers this may not seem that bad, but trust me, it gets VERY tedious, VERY quickly. You could end up having to babysit an unconscious T-Rex for hours upon hours while it tames, only for it to get killed in a raid or PVP fight in minutes. If you have the time and patience, then please be my guest.

Now, if all the servers had these settings and the modding community wasn't as great as it is, I would have probably never played this game again. Instead, you can find a plethora of servers packed with mods and custom settings that, in my opinion, REALLY bring the game to life! Some servers are a little bit silly, being about to tame an extremely high level Bronto in 2 mins for example, but if that's your cup of tea, don't let anyone stop you!

The aforementioned mods are numerous and varied, ranging from new content such as advanced machinery, to level changing scripts that make wild dinos stronger and even total coversion mods that change the whole game so you're either a pirate or stuck permanently in 'cave-man mode'.

I for one, will never be able to go back to a vanilla (un-modded) server with x1 settings. It's too much of a chore. If you're hesitant about wether you'll be able to put up with it too, check the Steam Workshop and you'll see what I mean. Check YouTube too. There are many famous youtubers with daily episodes.

I purposely have avoided detailed descriptions of things you can do in this game because I think it's more fun to explore them yourself. Besides, there are many reviews with that kind of info already.

I hope this review helped at least some what! 

-XCAL


[h1]Breakdown[/h1]
--{Graphics}---
☐ "Is this real life?"
☑ Eyecandy
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ "Holy sh*t I used to think this was super realistic"

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Addictive like crack
☐ Very well designed
☐ Good for sh*ts and giggles
☐ Like watching grass grow
☐Candy Crush Saga

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Not bad
☐ Tin-cans and string
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Windows 98 could run it
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Above average
☑ Hope you got a good mortgage
☐ Ask CERN if they have a spare mainframe

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Soul crushing
☐ Easy to learn, hard to master
☑ User your noodle
☐ Easy
☐ My Grandma could master this

---{Story}---
☐ You'll hate your real life
☐ well written
☑ Good enough for the scope of the game
☐ Decent quantity but poorly written
☐ None 

---{Game Time}---
☐ Glacial
☑ As long as you like
☐ Decent but leaves you wanting
☐ Too short
☐ Lasts as long as you in bed

---{Price}---
☐ "Shut up and take my money"
☐ Worth the price
☐ Pocket change
☑ Not worth it
☐ You're better off using your money as toilet paper 

---{Bugs}---
☐ No bugs
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Game breaking
☐ Devs don't know what a fly swatter is
☐ A nuke couldn't kill these bugs

---{Features and uniqueness}---
☐ This is the future right here
☑ A couple’a groovy ideas
☐ “It’s not a bug, it’s a feature”
☐ Nothing special
☐ Basically plagiarism

[b]Overall rating: 3.4/5[/b]

[h1]Additional notes[/h1]
While a game I absolutely adore, I must say ARK objectively falls short on a few metrics. Though overall I would still strongly recommend it for fellow survival gamers.

This is probably the shortest review of ARK :
-Great Game, a lot of content.
-Bad Company. Even worst than Ultra Greed.
-Worst Optimization. NASA PCs to get 60 FPS.
-Hardcore on PVP. Go PVE or you will litteraly feel yourself go crazy.
-TOO EXPENSIVE. THE GAME IS TOO EXPENSIVE.
You Idiots, why post a BAD review and the hurt the game company all just because you can't run it at EPIC settings? It's ALPHA EARLY ACCESS. Shame on you folks! This game is GREAT and for whoever leaves a bad review about unable to join servers etc you should stop buying early access games.

Vote up if you agree.
TL;DR : great game but has performances and finishing touchs to be made,

i write this after just above 1050 hours played,
in those 1050 hours i've expirienced 
* starting with nothing and dying over and over again to learn the game
* starting with stuff and becoming a great power in a server
* getting a decent and normal server being overrun by a chinese tribe
* starting over , and over, and over
* convering a public official server in to a somewhat of a democracy with a website and stats and element of control

The good : 
[list]
 [*] the survival aspects of the game are great up to around level 60 its probably the best survival expirience game out there currently, (after level 60 you are a bit OP and only die to self stupidity)
 [*] the 'things to do' are virtually endless (i didnt feel like i ran out of things to accomplish even after 1000 hours)
 [*] the graphics is stunning
 [*] the base building and 'tribe wars' and overall community aspect of the game is great
 [*] the resource gathering is nicely balanced , very hard at start, grindy at mid, and once you  min max with dinos and what not its great even as a solo player
 [*] there are planty of items in the game and types of dinos
[/list]

The Bad :
[list]
 [*] the lag, the lag is real, rubber banding is a plague and really hurts the game expirience, i know there is limited ability to do something about that, even more so on official servers, but still, thats the core expirience of the game
[*] the fps, as someone with a bit of above avrg computer (3960x, 980x2, 32gb ram, ssd and so on) i get 30fps at points and fps is very jumpy, expected from an early access game, but stating this for the record
[/list]

overall i've had a great time with this game and i've stoped playing it mostly coz i ran out of time irl to play a high demanding game like that,

keep up the good work developers

This game is like an abusive relationship. You'll play it for months then you'll get beaten mercilessly by loss of dinos or gear. You'll stop playing for a while but you know you'll come back.

TDLR : Don't play if you hate loss
If you have not tried it yet ARK will be the best survival game around and is well worth buying If you have a high spec pc.
(It’s not properly optimised at the moment so mid to low spec rigs will struggle.)

"We have had some of our most tense, scariest and funniest moments of any game ever!"

"It is great now, and going to be Epic when done!"
This game makes me literally so mad from how big of a bug ridden mess it is and yet I literally play it so much. I hate it so much I even bought the season pass so I can hate the other maps as well. I die more often from random bugs and crashes than from the actual threats in the game. Also my turds are SO HUGE. The only true saving grace to this game is to play it with friends on one of your own private servers so that you can all be mad together. That's what we did and now we've made a new hobby of swapping new vulgarities with each other. Did y'all know dickroot is a thing? I didn't. Not until my friend got kicked from his own ragnarok server while mid-air on his griffin over the wyvern nesting area only to come back and be dead with his griffin nowhere to be found.

I'd buy it again.
I have nearly 275 hours played at the time of this review.

ARK is fun. Flat out, fun. I have always enjoyed survival games, and this adds taming dinos to the mix. I've always enjoyed dinosaurs, so this game was especially fun for me. My friends and I play these games together and have went through every expansion. The game has progressed and story has gotten deeper (I think?) but we still aren't sure why we're on the Ark.

The building has progressed and PVP feels decent, but after playing on modded servers with 2-5x taming and harvesting playing on anything else just feels slow. We've started over many times, on many servers, and every time it's fun and fresh and there's something new for us to do. The game still sometimes feels slightly unpolished, but all in all I am definitely a fan and would recommend this game.

That being said, I would not spend full price on it. We got into Ark way back when it was first coming out, for probably around $20-30 for the base game, and then got the expansion season pass for very cheap one time during a sale. When they "launched" the game out of alpha/beta and made it official, they raised the price to match. Now it's just too much for the base game in my opinion. If you can get it on sale, it's fun. But do not pay $50 unless you HAVE to have it right now. Especially since the expansions add so much more with new maps, craftables, and creatures, you're definitely going to want those as well.
TL;DR at end if you don't wanna read my nostalgia.

Finally getting around to this. 
After 1,000 hours in game on many different servers and giving myself some time to collect my thoughts, here goes.

Hour Zero: 
The servers opened up and I was one of the first to start exploring the island. There were restarts and crashes everywhere, but the world was new and shiny and every interaction with a player was exciting because no one knew anything and we were all in it together. Even the naked pvp bros who had nothing but inventories full of spears and meat were an interesting encounter. I put all my stats into crafting and swim speed (aka oxygen), the land peons knew not of the Megalodon infested depths.

These simple days are what Ark is in my mind. And if you're new, I'm sure you'll enjoy your first time too.

Hour ~100:
Life is good. The combat is tight. The graphics are lovely. The design is breathtaking. The music is hype. The crafting, building, taming and leveling are all well balanced and fun. The crashes and restarts are just part of the deal, we get over it. I am again part of one of the first tribes, if not THE first tribe to kill the first boss. We way over geared for it and came away with no casualties. A grand ol' adventure with randoms I no longer remember the names or faces of. A small achievement lost to time.

Hours ~400-700:
By this point the cracks in the looking glass have began to show. As the management, not knowing what makes a good e-sport, decides that it is time to do the E-SPORTS and to focus on DLC! Bugs go unfixed, questions go unanswered, dossiers lag behind and the old player base collectively feel a lever being flicked. A lever most did not want touched as the game takes a slow left turn onto a different track...

Maybe it was planned from the beginning, maybe some hierarchical change beset itself upon the company. What ever the case, the experience changed as power creep set in, modding sprung to life and the e-sports floundered. I stopped playing a little while after the addition of the Dragons.

Hour 1,005: 
I stand in an empty clan base, appreciating the custom architecture standing in memoriam of those who stopped adding to it long ago, walls decorated with art from amaturish and lewd to quite moving, shifting through chests and walking around stables filled with tributes from bygone tribes who wanted us to take care of their belongings and pets after they were gone. 

Hour 1,006:
On an empty server about to be shut down permanently, which was only threatened by the occasional spear throwing noob, I set all the tames free, sail to the edge of the map and log out. The last of about 5 similar sailing journeys I underwent, with a similar fate. This time I would not start a new adventure with new strangers in a new land.

Now a days when I see videos of titanic base raids or role-playing friends or alpha clan political drama, I can't help but feel that the game had a bit of an identity crisis, certainly losing the wonder I first felt back in the opening weeks. But gaining some other flavor of wonder in it's place.

The game settled on a fantasy sandbox clan-warfare persistent.. thing. It does this well and seems fun. Just not for me anymore.

[h1] TL,DR; [/h1] 
You can find pve, pvp or roleplay servers and Ark:SE makes them all fun in the end. It left what I wanted and evolved into something new but still good.

Suggestion: Play it, find your niche in a community or invite friends and have a blast. $60.00 for 1k hours of adventure was WELL worth it for me. You will not be disapointed... if your computer is up to the task.
This game is awesome!!! This game is SUPER realistic and creative. The only downside, in my opinion, is that it require a VERY VERY good computer to run this game without any lags... but the other things are super awesome :D
Great game.  Buy it.  If it's on sale, buy it for your friends.

There's some bugs.  It's a resource hog, no doubts about that.  If you have a Radeon (AMD) graphics card, you need this command-line switch (launch option):  -norhithread

I have no idea what that actually does - but it makes the game go like .... I dunno .... 500MPH.
Not really, what it really does is make the game not crash 200 times within 5 minutes of playing.  I seriously have no idea what it does or why it works ... but if you have a Radeon card, use it.  Or don't ... how much do you like crashes?  A lot?  Definitely don't use it.

Oh, and it's a damned good idea to NOT write video game reviews when you're drunk.  You wear out that backspace key pretty damned quick. I've hit that key at least ... 20 times?  30 times?  50 times?  Who knows?

The game:  get in, you die soon.  But it's OK.  Have patience.  Avoid the carnos, they're freaking a**holes when you first get in.  My adivce?  find some trees, waterlog (trap-stop-bug??) them on it and BOOM!  You get a free tame.  Make sure you have meat.  Raw.  Lots of it.

The game:  It's a little over the priced when it isnt not on sale.  But otherwise good.  Buy it.  Wanna play with me?  I'll make a server if there's interest enough.

Game on!


Peace!

buy the game!  (I don't know that it can be pirated anyway.)  But buy it, the devs have a great concept even if they do tend to favor content updates over fixing bugs.  Hey, we all got our priorities right?

Good game, I've bought like - 10 copies for my friends on Steam.  Thanks steam and tthanks wildcard.  Ya'll the bomb!

Buy it yo!  Bye!
Don't play on official servers, they are aids,
I got this game and bought a private server for me and my friends,
Trust Me, this game is so much fun with a private server and friends.
I really enjoy this game.  It has it's issues, some being graphics related ( I'm on Linux ) and some being management screw ups with updates from Wild Card.  Yes the game is grindy, but there's a sense of accomplishment when you see the improvements you've made to your outpost.  Best played with friends on a private server, in my opinion.  I run PVE.  If you don't nerf the server settings, it's enough of a challenge.  I have no desire for the PVP drama / pain in the arse jerks, that live to wreak others.  As long as this game has been out Wild Card is still fixing bugs and enhancing game play.  A bit slow, but getting there and have not dropped support like so many companies do.  While on public servers, I was up in the air on which way I'd recommend.  Since starting my own server, clearly it's thumbs up for me.
Honestly public servers are awful for a variety of reasons, but the true glory of this game is with a few friends on a private session with resources turned up a bit. This allows you to explore and experience the game in all its glory with friends. 9/10 Probably worth full price, would grab without a doubt if it was on sale.
I think the game is fun, but I haven't ran into any problems yet so, I would recommend you wait for a sail. Play it and get a feel for the game, and if you think it's fun, good. If you don't, try to refund the game.
One of my most favourite games! easily the best survival game i have ever played! Devs are cool! i dont know why people hate on them. ok sure they might be making the game a bit too expensive for some people but its definitely worth the money. also the devs worked hard on it and its what devs do, earn money. Game and storyline is amazing! play this and you wont be disappointed. but i do recommend u to watch a few videos on this game cause u might not know what to do. Recommendation of youtuber: TheWaffleGalaxy
This game has its pros and cons,
 
ARK survival evolved is a very fun and addicting game and will never get you bored, all the stuff you can do is endless. From primitive to tek, from spawn beach to Obelisk, evolve clearly fits the name. Playing this game with friends is one of the most funnest things to do, tame Trikes, build a huge base, make an army of prehistoric/fictional animals, and even try to take on a Giganotosaurus. If you’ve played rust or any other similar game, you’d familiarize yourself with the mechanics of this game simply.

Ark, like many other games, has its downsides though. The graphics  optimization for users are TERRIBLE, like seriously wild card?? A GTX 1080 cant even get 60 FPS max settings?? Really??? Also the bugs on this game are very common but are in good progress of being fixed. Also playing this game can be very angering to many: like whilst taming a therizino, a raptor pack has to ambush you and screw it all over. Or maybe an OP creature spawns by your base and possibly kills multiple takes, very annoying over parts. And the game is way easier when you have friends, being alone will be difficult even getting irritating at some point to look up YouTube tutorials on how to do anything in ark.

Overall, I’d give ARK an 8.5/10 - still room for improvement. This game is definitely worth the 50$ but I recommend you wait because it often goes on sale for 20$.
Probably my favorite game that I have ever played. It has a ton of content that keeps you busy and having fun for hundreds of hours. Takes awhile to get your hang of some things but I would really recommend it to anyone that likes survival games and dinosaurs.
Overall this game is great you know! Ya ive seen its up and its downs but there trying in some ways so give them a chance to make this game great and bring it back up to the top like rust or other games like that!
I ♥️ this game it may be expencive but its worth it also you definitely should get all of the dlc's(scorched earth, abberation, extinction, and the 2 free maps the center and ragnarok. All off these maps add new items and dinos). This is a game where the mostof the gamers that have it will be playing it over 1000h and still not be bord. The worlds look beautifull, the dinosaurs are great and big updates are constantly released. I think that anyone who likes dinosaurs and survival games a litle bit should definitely buy this game. 🦖🦕
i once play dis game 30 hours a day so i get gud but big cats kep kiling me i do nout enioy that
would be beter with out big cats and pupies und big birds

6/10
An incredible game, an experience like no other with one serious caveat, you cannot play this game online. 

If you want to have fun, run a dedicated server or rent your own. You can have great fun taming creatures, exploring the maps and levelling a character. 

You can increase the level and number of the dinos if you want  a challenge but if you play this online, be prepared to deal with toxicity, lots of frustration and a system weighted towards tribes that dominate servers and take the fun out of the game for anyone else. 

If you run a server you can add mods that you like too. 

In short, a great game ruined by the players!
In pvp you spawn in gather materials and go about your business and then suddenly BAM! you get killed by a turret on someones base you spawn in again beat a naked man with a torch build a base and in about a week or so you raid the F*cker who's turret shot you
Coming from someone who has spent more than 1000 hours on this game, it is VERY hard to get into without the proper support. It promises great glory and grand adventures, yet gives only strife and pain if you are not ruthless. This game is first and foremost, survival. There are little interesting things you can do once you master your environment, so either come with an ambition or move to PvP for the real painful experience of this game.

Note: While the quality of mechanics and the amount of variety and quality of dinosaurs (which are the primary draw of the game) is great, that is not why people leave this game. Both the community it houses and the time this game demands are the primary reasons many players do not see this game to the end. I will instead be discussing this community purely to let anyone who picks up this game what they are getting into.

Do not come to this game expecting to make friends.

This game requires you to come in with friends, or wither and lose everything alone. It should be expected to lose everything from one wrong decision, or merely being seen by other players who do not care who they crush. This game gives frightening amounts of benefits to those who backstab, steal from, and torture other players. This is a game where sadism and masochism are the only traits I can think of that can help a player enjoy this game. 

I have seen dozens of large tribes rise and fall ranging from weeks, months, and years in their lifespan. All tribes suffer from the same issues. Cohesion, communication, and trust are the pillers that hold each tribe up, and each will inevitably crumble under the weight of the tribe's size and the stresses the tribe must endure. Holdfast to the values that hold your tribe and learn to let your sorrows go if you wish to remain together. 

I loved this game and I do not want to dissuade anyone from coming to it. I have made many mistakes that have cost me friends I will never see again. I only hope what I have said will help people make decisions for themselves.
Pros: many maps, cool community, many creatures to tame, team based, good game mechanic, very rewarding
Cons: quite expensive if you want all the dlc content which is one of the best parts of the game, team based, servers shut down some times
Final: if you have friends to play with and money to spend it is hands down one of the best multiplayer survival games
I'm so glad i bought this game when it was 20€ a few years ago. Back then it wasn't so good but now it's worth your time if you catch it on a deal. 55€ is too much.
This game has issues, it has broken aspects, it has glitches... And yet I still love it.
Breeding dinosaurs, starting from nothing. exploring the oceans and content. There is literally no end to what you can do 
in this game.

If you want a perfect game.. keep going.
If you want a game to play casually that doesn't end up taking over your life... keep going.

But if you want a world that you can explore and live in and have fun with friends and make new ones.
Give this a try, just don't expect it to be glitch free and wait for a good sale.

[b] DON'T LET THE DLC HATERS SCARE YOU OFF [\b]

ARK is a great and terrible game. The core gamplay is resource gathering, base building, dino hunting and taming, and the occasional boss fight or tribe war. There are bugs that are pure joy and hilarity, and bugs that are game-breaking and frustrating.

I've played on and off since before any DLC game out, and I have learned that if you want to have real wholesome fun, you need to run your own server. It's incredibly easy to do, and even a non-dedicated host session can do the job. The MOST important thing there is that you can scroll down the server settings and find "Non-Dedicated Host Tether Distance". Instead of adjusting the slider (which has a max value 3) click the box and type whatever big number you want. I Use 30 for my friends and I, but it's a RAM hog so be careful.

As for the DLC, it sounds like a lot, but the base game is regularly available for under $10, and the Season Pass is regularly under $50.

Do yourself a favor and install the Enhanced Steam browser extension, then check out the linked info like Is There Any Deal.

If you're at all interested in survival and hunting/taming dinos, I guarantee you can find ARK at a price that's worth it to you.
This game is fkin cocaine

best to play with a buddy to learn the ropes since you'll probably get your butt handed to you
also play PvE first, then play PvP once you know the main gameplay loop
I really like this it has all sorts of boss fights, cool dinos, and cool bases built by other players this game is really fun and I would recommend it for those who love dinosaurs.
Thus far, I've put over 800 hours into ARK and have still barely scratched the surface because it's so easy to get swept up with the world around you. It was an incredible game when just playing vanilla, but once mods were introduced, it seemed like it instantly quadrupled the amount of time I'll end up playing this incredibly deep game.
I've clocked nearly 600 hours and played it when it was early access.
Pros:
Real fun with your friends.
Building is decent.
Lots of awesome dinos to tame.
Absolutely stunning graphics.
Survival is hard but not horrible, and there's a crap ton of places to explore and maps to navigate through. 
Storyline is stellar.
Mods. A godsend.
Free maps. Also a godsend.

Cons:
Bugs. All the bugs.
Why am I stuck inside this dino?
Where did that Giga come from. This is supposed to be a safe area.
Frames??? Where are my frames? I wish I had a SSD.
I just died 500 times before hitting level 30. I have raged quit a lot. 

But I still come back to the game.
I always dreamed of a game as ambitious and detailed as this. After all, this is THE GAME that motivated me to bite the bullet and get a pc. I would find myself getting lost in the world, the ups and downs as you build up are exhilarating, sometimes you just have to risk everything to better your tribe. I played on my own private server with a few friends so I cant speak for official. This is the game of my dreams and although I have moved on from it, I would recommend it to anyone. As far as I know, its the closest thing to perfection in this genre that I have seen. This is of course if you can ignore the small bugs, occasional instability and rage of failure in a video game. The devs took on a huge project here, yes it was a really bumpy road, but this is the closest you can get to that survival experience that many people crave. If you can buy this game, buy it. It truly is a work of art. (Play on a private server with friends, official rules are brutal and unrealistically difficult, I think this is the best way to play this game)
This is a good game... you can harvest resources, you can tame dino and breed them, slaughter sheep, build your house, barn, farm, etc. Very fun to play with your friends, or you can play it solo with mods.. its very relaxing

but sometimes the game buggy and if u breed ovipar dinos, the egg with go through foundation which mean your hatchlings will be stuck inside foundation... its really annoying

i give *6/10
Amazing game, though it can be difficult to pick up and can be extremely frustrating. The first step to learning ARK is accepting that you are going to die. A lot.
I will admit I have only played this game on a non-dedicated session with my wife. Therefore I cannot judge how this game is on its main multiplayer mode. However, I have to say what I experienced was very fun. I enjoyed building bases. I very much enjoyed taming and breeding dinosaurs. It is fun to come up with solutions to various challenges both purposefully created by the developers and randomly generated (such as a Therizinosaurus attacking you and your tames at a low level).
The game is far from perfect however and I can completely understand the common criticisms of this game. It is not very well optimized. It takes up a lot of space and crashes a bit too often.
That said I have overall enjoyed this game and would recommend at least its singleplayer to anyone looking for a survival game and anyone looking to play a game with dinosaurs.
not a cash grab, skill and decision making are required, unique quirks, can be played endlessly, community is trash dont go there, indepth mechanics, and never forget that dodos are essential to every boss fight
I can HIGHLY recommend Ark:Survival Evolved. It has an extraordinary amount of features that make it one of the best games (in my opinion) I have ever played. I currently have it from Microsoft Store, but it can be bought from Steam, Microsoft/Xbox, Sony/Playstation, Nintendo Switch and on mobile. This means that the player base of ARK is huge, and when playing on Official servers means that you may meet an amazing variety of people. Also, if multiplayer is not in your interests, Ark can be played single player although in my opinion playing with friends is much more rewarding and enjoyable. 

I enjoy playing Ark mainly because of its sheer variety. Perhaps you want to explore the huge maps? Perhaps you want to work with others to accomplish goals, like the taming of a particular creature? Or maybe you just simply want to build the perfect base. Ark caters for all of these ambitions and many more besides. It can be played single player, played with a small group of friends on a Non-Dedicated Server or play with many others in Ark's servers. There are PvP Servers that allow players to raid each other and steal materials or weapons. There are also PvE servers for those who simply enjoy the challenge of surviving on the Ark. 

At the moment there are 3 DLCs available. Experience the heat of the desert in Ark:Scorched Earth. Or try to survive on Ark:Abberation where players must survive on a malfunctioning, overgrown map. Ark:Extinction is the latest DLC to come out, featuring a huge map, all-new creatures and new items and tools. Whatever you want to play, Ark has a DLC for you.
Been a while since I have actually played this game, after SE released, but before whatever the next one was. So my review is based off older gameplay.

TLDR: 
PvP = Toxic
PvE = Pillars Everywhere
Solo/Private Servers = where the fun is
Developers = Avoid

As with a good amount of multiplayer games, the community is horrid. Last I played, anything I built on PvP servers was lucky to last more than 24 hours before the bigger tribes decide they either don't like where I am, or just straight up don't want new people joining "their" server. I even tried sticking to just living off a boat, figured if I'm not claiming land space, they wont complain about how I'm in their way, right? ... Apparently there are "no parking zones" ...

No problems with being run off on PvE servers (obviously), but good luck finding somewhere to build, as people loved to "claim" land by putting pillars everywhere. But as long as you can find some space and get started, there's little to worry about on these servers.

The only reason I actually gave a "yes" on the recommend is simply for the fact of being able to play on a private server. As a mostly solo player, the rates of collection/gains on official servers makes the grind horrible. Playing solo/private server, you are able to up the rates to compensate for the lack of people.

The developers really did not help how I feel about the game. The only DLC I bought was Scorched Earth (was on sale for like 5 dollars). The timing and execution was just awful; still in early access, buggy as hell, but we're gonna release a $20 DLC anyways. From what I have read on reddit, it seems they have stepped up their game after a couple individuals started to work on the Ark Ocean DLC... I mean the "new game" Atlas. But the overall feel I get from WildCard, is to just avoid them.
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☑ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
this is one of the best games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I've played a lot more on console. Its a really good dinosaur game. Can be pretty tough tho. I dont like the menu colors and how it functions. Should be easier to use the inventory yada yada yada. I can only imagine ehat it would look like if i had the best gaming rig mixed with 4k monitor.
Addicted. love this game, so much to do, so little time in the day. Public servers are digital depression, griefers are the biggest issue. Single player is fun and challenging w.o. all the wasted time of losing all you have from other players all the time. If you are starting ARK or thinking about getting into, the youtuber Phlinger Phoo is an awesome and entertaining dude to watch. Very helpful information and how too's to get started.
GAMEPLAY - 8/10
STORY -  7/10
GRAPHICS - 7/10
SOUND/MUSIC - 9/10
VARIETY - 8/10
FUN - 9/10
-----------------------
OVERALL - 8/10

+Environment
+The design and variety of Monsters & Dinosaurs 
+You can have an amazing story to tell after your experience in ARK
-+The customization could have been much better
-+You can loose the sense of time over and over again
-Doesn’t have a lot of building options
-It takes a lot of time to find a good server
-Lot of bugs not as bad as the release day
Solid survival game. Fun with friends. Avoid Official servers unless you plan on not having a life.
I recommend this game for any hardcore survival game fans.
I have over 200 hours into the game, compared to a lot of ARK players i'm still a noob so if you aren't ready to turn this into a full time job, don't even bother thinking about getting this game. I'll explain why this game is a full time job later on, but basically it punishes any player that can't or won't play it 24/7. 

First I'll talk about the PvE. I started playing PvE on a private server with friends and had tons of fun discovering everything there is to enjoy. We started on The Center, the biggest and in my opinion the coolest of the three maps. The beginning is the hardest part for new players. Every dino you meet can easily kill a noob, even the spitter dinos. It can be annoying running around naked and getting killed by raptors, but stick with it and find your friends and build a safe place. Once you get the base built, the game gets so much more fun. Every new dino you find is cool, and it so fun the first time you get all your friends together and explore a cave. The most dangerous foes we encountered in PvE were the alpha predators. Our base got killed multiple times by alpha raptors, but it was fun because it showed us that even though we had a big base with spike walls and gaurd towers, there was still a threat out there that had to be beaten. Ofcourse once you build a metal base nothing can break it anymore and once you tame flying mounts you don't have to worry about dangerous expeditions so late game it got boring. We basically got to the point that nothing PvE had to throw at us outside of boss battles was a challenge, and even fighting bosses had no point because what would we use the tek gear to kill? Harder versions of that boss? That's why we decided to turn to PvP to see if that was better late game.

Pro tip, don't PvP. This game is designed in such a way that the big tribes that are on top stay on top. New tribes and new players just get pooped on in every single way unless they join an alpha and become a resource harvesting slave. Let's walk through all the reason PvP is horrible.

1.) Alpha tribes. They wipe the server once or twice a week and completly blow up any new players base and kill their dinos. They own the server, they won't let anyone else even enjoy the game.

2.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get a base, they might let you live in a thatch hut. Refer to reason 1.) 

3.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get to tame dinos, they might let you tame dodos. Refer to reason 1.)

4.) Unless you're alpha, you don't get to upgrade any of your gear. Alphas block all loot drops (the good ones anyway) and fill all the caves with auto-turrets to gun down anyone that tries to explore them.

5.) Alpha tribes are literally impossible for smaller tribes to fight. They have huge metal bases with hundreds and hunderds of turrets and plants that will mow you down if you so much as look at it wrong. Rockets get shot down in mid air by these turrets, and you won't get close enough to plant c4. You won't be able to bring dinos to tank the turret either, refer to 1.)

6.) Offline-raiding. Just imagine working for 2-3 weeks building a pretty cool base completely surrounded by plant-x and taming about 20 dinos then logging on to see a smoking crater where you base was. You don't get to save any of your gear, you don't get to save any of your dinos, you don't even get to fight back, it's all just gone. This happens all the time, and honestly offline-raid protection should be baseline on all servers.

7.) Battlemetrics. Alpha tribes and griefers use this website to figure out if you are online or not. If you log off for some reason, sleep or work or whatever, then they will know and they will raid you. They can even get text alerts that tell them the second you have logged off or on, or if anything else unusual is going on on "their" server. Basically, this site and sites like it are cancer. Also, it doesn't tell them your in game name, but you steam name, that means even if you make another character they will know it's you. Also, if you piss them off and try to go to another server, they can just look up where you went using Battlemetrics and come find you. There is no hiding and no escape, so you have to be nice and can't even PvP or else some loser with no life is going to come and find you on every single server you go to.

8.) Breeding. Just another way to keep big tribes ontop. They have huge metal air-conditioned rooms where they hatch 20 eggs at once, each hatched dino gonna be 2x the level of anything a noob will have.

9.) Tek gear. If the fact that they have 2-3x better gear by monopolizing all loot crates wasn't a big enough edge, if the fact that they have 2-3x better dinos by building huge breeding rooms wasn't a big enough edge, now they get tek gear too. If they come at you with anything tek and you have baseline gear and baseline dinos, you are DEAD!

10.) Ark is a full-time job. You must log on every day to feed dinos or they will die. Breeding and imprinting are horrible and time consuming processes that I won't even touch. You must log on every day to make sure you haven't been raided, and you must grind harder than everyone else to make sure you have the defenses and dinos to stop raiders. Don't try, you won't. 

Look, I'm tired of typing this review, just know that if you enjoy PvP because you enjoy winning through skill, then don't PvP. No Pvp skill required at this point, their gear will have much higher armor and damage, their dinos will have much higher hp and damage, just accept your death and wipe multiple times because you will lose everything and you won't even be online to defend it, not like you'd have a chance if you were.

EDIT:
I never expected my review to actually be popular, but now that it is I feel like I should address all the kids telling me I suck and that I'm still a noob who doesn't know what he's talking about.

Firstly, this is NOT a skill based game. This is a grind based, offline raid based, exploit based game. You can't come here and say I'm a noob, especially when I've played the game solo as a small tribe for over 300 hours, and I joined an alpha tribe for a week or two so I know how it goes on a larger scale. My opinion actually got even worse after joining the aplha tribe, because I realized just how bad the game panders to these alpha tribes. Here are some more reasons I found from my time with the alphas why I will never recommend this game to anyone.

1.) Alpha tribes can grind resources WAY easier than a new player. Now, you would probably expect this. After all, they have more players so it is only natural that they could send 5 out to grind while your tribe could only spare 1. No, numbers isn't even what I'm talking about here, I'm talking about EXPLOITS with a farming dino and a Quetzal. A noob with a hatchet can get 50-60 wood from a single tree. An alpha tribe can get 1500 wood from a single tree. A noob with a pickaxe can get 50-60 metal from a vein, an alpha tribe can get 300 metal from a vein. A noob would take hours to farm 1-2k metal, an alpha tribe can farm 20-30k metal in an hour. The list goes on and every single resource you can think of they can get insane amounts much faster and easier. Now, noobs wont know how to do this, and wouldn't be able to because Quetzals are hard to tame, and hard to hide from alpha tribes. If they saw you flying around harvesting, they would bring a Wyvern after you and start looking for your base.

2.) Large scale PvP is extremely laggy. The servers are supposed to support up to 100 players, but if you get more than 20 players in a server, the lag becomes unbearable. Once again, Alpha tribes exploit this by logging as many people as they can onto a server (kind of like DDOS) to block out defenders from connecting, or to force the server to get so laggy that you can basically avoid taking damage from things.
I am not one to write reviews, positive or negative really about any game I play. But, after playing this game for 8-9k hrs and willingly surviving all manner of bugs, cheats, and trolling, I have found the 1 thing that I think is unnacceptable in any game, which is the ability of other players to completely shut you out of the game. I am currently in someone's base, cuffed to a bed, being fed and watered, and under ACs so I can't even play, move, kill myself or otherwise. Like I said, I have a lot of hrs, so pls don't explain to me how to kill myself in these situations, assume I have tried it all. I am literally losing 0 food or water sitting here online for over a day now. I left my computer on to see what would happen and sure enough, I'm still losing no stats because of this environment. Somehow my character has decided to also stop defecating so there is no way to die at all. I can't even be rescued/killed by my team because I am in a glitched location where the tribe has a giga parked inside biting through walls. While I feel someday the devs might actually listen and ban cheaters/make this form of prolongued capture bannable, atm I am the tribe leader of a tribe that has no ability to play. I am not starting a fresh character and supporting a game that thinks this is gameplay. If you aren't actually playing, it is not gameplay. I am sitting here, not losing a single stat in a survival game, FOR HOURS. Pls fix your game. I have accepted flying dino corpses, ppl undermeshing my base, ppl aimbotting me and my dinos, megatribes, etc... but losing your character like this? its ridiculous
At the time I write this, I have put about 3500 hours into this game. I have been playing it for over a year now and have had a lot of ups and downs. I play on a PvP server and I have had everything I had taken from me and all my tames killed many times. I have worked my way back up over and over and have managed to secure my tribe as a beta tribe on a server and am in an alliance with the alpha tribe.

Then Wild Card dropped Scortched Earth and the ability to transfer players and items into the server I play on. My server did everything we could to protect ourselves and it paid off. Then Wild Card made all the supply drops not effected by structures so they would still drop. So, we blocked them all off with vaults. Now Wild Card made it so the drops land on top of anything under them. We don't have any defense against that.

Why are we worried? Because for the better part of the last year, many servers have been taken over completely my mega tribes. Tribes that regularly hit server cap with who plays on the server. Who farm servers of all their resources and have been unchecked because no one could farm enough resources to fight them on their own servers. Now that they can travel from server to server, they are slowly working their way through all official servers and wiping the servers of everything.

For people like myself who have dumped litterally thousands of hours into this game, we are doing all we can to defend, but we can only do so much as we can't be online all day everyday. With the servers not being region locked, we have Chinese, Russian, and Australian tribes coming to our server during peak times for them, but the early morning hours for us. Meaning, we have no one on to defend what we worked hard to make. We now have to work in shifts, like it is a job, to defend what we have, all because Wild Card decided to open the arks up and have the players wipe the servers for them.

When a large server falls, most of the players quit playing the game. They move onto something else. That is good for Wild Card, because then the servers become low population, so they can repurpose them or remove them and that saves them a lot of money. They already made all they will make off of the players currently playing. So, if they remove us, they can save on server costs and use that for more advertising to get more unsuspecting players into the game.

Overall, Wild Card doesn't listen to their players unless those players are praising how great the game is. The players that riducule the game, are ignored or banned due to rule violations. Wild Card doesn't know what they are doing in terms of making a game that isn't completely broken nor do they know how to have a conversation with their player base that isn't just the positive things about the game. They refuse to hear or even acknowledge there is anything wrong with their game and that is a huge problem.

Bottom line, only get this game if you're going to play on unofficial servers or you like logging in and finding that everything you have is gone, yet again, and you get to punch a tree and start over.

ADDED February 02, 2017:

I mainly talked about the PvP on Official servers in the review above, so I am adding the other ways to play the game here to hopefully give a more well rounded review.

Single Player is nice as well, but nothing is persistant. So you need to increase a lot of rates in single player to make it fun. Like, at stock, if taming something takes 6 hours, you need to be logged into the game for 6 hours to tame it. If you exit, that timer pauses. Breeding anything becomes too cumbersome without increasing rates because 4 real life days that pauses when you exit the day is just not possible. Unless you want it taking 2 weeks to raise one thing. I just use single player as a "creative mode" to spawn everything in and build to see what I would need for the server I actually play on.

PvE is enjoyable but frustrating in a different way. You can't build near others and as long as you close your doors, no one can take your things. People can annoy you and get in your way and just be asshats to you, and you can't do anything to them because you can't fight them. They can build walls around your base at the build limit so you can't get out or in. It's like the 12 year olds at malls that will be annoying little shits and and when you tell them to quit being shits, they try to egg you on by telling you that you can't do anything because they are a minor and you can't hit them. Just really disrespectful. In some cases it's worse than PvP.

The unofficial servers are nice as it's less assholes and more good players. Though, then you run the risk of the admins of the servers spawning in whatever they want and wiping the server anytime without notice. So, you could log in and the whole server is wiped and you lost everything. They could change up the mods on the server without notice and just shut the server down because they didn't want to pay for it anymore. If you're playing PvP on their server and you wipe them and become alpha, they can just delete everything you have, rollback the server to before you wiped them, spawn in a level 1million titanosaur and smash everything you have, or any combination of those.

My biggest gripe with the game is that it's not fun anymore. It was fun for the last year and with the last few months of updates, it's just not fun anymore. You can have a lot of fun on unofficial servers, but they are also very volatile as well. Maybe more so than PvP official servers. The way I see it, is that if you never played this game before and you join a server, you should have fun right away. You shouldn't have to join unofficial servers and add mods to the game to make it fun. To me, that says the developers failed at their job for making a fun game. Sure, int he future, you might get bored of the offical servers and mod the game to get some NEW excitement out of it, but you shouldn't have to mod a game after you bought it in order to get fun from it.

If Wild Card wants to keep all transfers open the way they have it now when you can transfer creatures, players, and items from server to server, then I suggest they do a full wipe of every server so everyone has a fair start to build up. Otherwise the mega tribes that basically own official servers have so much unchecked power to just wipe servers and take all their resources and get even bigger. There isn't any hope to fight them off.

But, if Wild Card just limits you transferring your character, that would be better as then you need to build up on a server. I have seen a few smaller tribes band together and wipe alphas that are just mean and ruin your day for fun. It happened on my server last year. The alpha we have now is friendly and helps the server anytime they can and uses their power to defend the server against attacks.

EDIT: I haven't edited anything on this review. I just wanted to add that I replied in the comments to reply to the comments I received about this review.

EDIT 2: I still haven't changed my initial review, just wanted to add two things that I know no one will read.

1. In my comments below that are back pages at this point, I made a typo regarding my family. I said they were all dead, I meant to say they were all dead to me. They are all alive, but very toxic, hateful people and I don't talk to them unless I absolutely need to.

2. Since I posted this, I keep getting friend request from people. I'm denying every single one of them because I'm just assuming you are all trolls going to harrass me or come to my server and wipe it. Though, that would speed up the process of me quitting the game as I wouldn't have anything left to go back to.

EDIT 3: I added into the main review about the other game modes so people would stop commenting about them. But, none of them will actually read the review and just call me names and say I don't have a life. Which says a lot about them.
Honestly an amazing game. Great concept, great creatures(For the most part), great maps. If any other producer would have made this game it wouldve been so much better. 
But lets introduce Wildcard.
Wildcard likes to continuely push new content, ignoring the requests of its players to fix its past content. Want a raptor to stop meshing into your base? Ah, how about a new robot parasaur? Even after the producers put out its final DLC which was so unfinished and full of bugs and glitches, you would think that they would take a step back and fix its past 3 DLCs which they have ignored. What do they do when they cant push new content on Ark? Make a new game.
I love this game, very toxic community as you would guess aswell, but even worse developers. I give them props for the good in this game which they have created, but they dont do it for the players, they do it solely for the money only.

Would only suggest buying this game if it is on sale and you have friends to play with on a private server.

Never, ever play any of the official severs. The veteran players have made them virtually unplayable for new players. Entered an official PvE server, was instantly killed by a level 75 Raptor as I was spawning into one of the low level spawn points (probably from a veteran player kiting it there). Spawned at a different low level spawn and couldn't even build the basic campfire because all of the veteran players set up pillars everywhere to prevent others from placing any building pieces down as they can't be destroyed on a PvE server. Spent most of the time trying not to starve to death because the only food I could harvest was berries, and berries do so little to fill your food meter that you are basically eating them like you were stuffing your face in a food eating competition. Whenever you do die (and it will happen allot), you can sometimes respawn inside other players' houses. When that happens the only thing you can do is wish for the sweet release of death as you slowly starve, trapped in a building where all the doors are locked, the walls are invincible, and no one is online to let you out. Tried spawning in higher level zones in hopes of getting out of the no-build areas the veterans placed everywhere, but found out that the veterans claimed those areas same as the starting zones. Tried running to one of the Obelisks so that I could transfer my progress to a different PvE server in hopes of finding one not so stuffed, but the Veteran players bascially built giant FU walls around them to prevent anyone that didn't have a flying mount from reaching them. Started a new character on a different official PvE server and the exact same problems came up again.

Switching to a PvP server fixed the problem of invincible pillars everywhere preventing new players from progressing through the building tree. But griefing is the passtime of all the veteran players on PvP servers as they have nothing left to do since it is impossible for anyone to topple an Alpha Tribe. Tried playing on a small tribes official server, but the griefing is still there. Instead of dozens of players griefing you, there is only 3-6 at a time. Got to about level 62 on a small tribes server, and the entire time I was playing I was constantly being reset back to nothing as the veteran players would C4 the hell out of my house, kill all of my tames, and then constantly keep me sedated for hours on end while they played around with my uncouscious body. Whenever they got tired of playing with me (usually the next day as I would get bored of being kept in a vegitative state and log off for the day), I would have to respawn at a starting point and have to redo 6+ hours of work. I'm level 62, I should be working towards stuff like turret entrenched metal houses, crafting powerful gear, and taming strong dinos. But instead I'm spending most of my time trying to rebuild the stone raft house that gets demolished every other day. I even looked up a tutorial on how to build properly, and that still doesn't stop someone from dropping a bunch of C4 on your house and destroying it for the laughs while simultaneously mocking the low level player trying to play the game in global chat. The people at the top are constantly kicking the people at the bottom, preventing them from getting to a position to where they can actually pose a threat and provide interesting gameplay to veterans. As a result of this, the game turns into a fulltime job where you don't get paid, you don't get any work done, prospects for promotion are grim, and everyone you work with act like jerks 24/7.

The "get gud" argument can't applied here simply because there is no level playing field with how the progression system is set up. I would dare anyone who says "get gud" to take on a fully outfitted level 105 veteran, butt naked, with nothing but the starting tools. Do that and win consistently, and I would conceed that I need to "get gud".

Diseases in this game are unnecessarily brutal, especially if you get one at the start. On the small tribes PvP server that I played, I got infected with Swamp Fever in one of the starting zones within the first few hours of play. Wasn't even sure what was happening until I noticed that my stats were all wrong. As it turns out, diseases stick with your character, even through death. And the only way to cure it is to either make an antidote that requires materials deep in territories packed with predators (and high level players), or transfer to another server to wipe the disease. So I had the choice of either making a brand new character and losing all my progress, transfer my character to another server and then spend hours trying to reach another Obelisk and hope no one would raid my stuff while I was gone, or be gimped until I got to the point where I could take on those higher level players. Lets just say that I chose poorly in that regard (not that any of the choices were anything that should be considered acceptable for new players). What's even scarier is that as I was researching how to cure the disease, I found out that veteran players could use the diseases in a sort of biological warfare against new players. It's apparently possible to infect tamed Dodos and leave them in the starting zones. The amount of griefing tools that the Devs give veterans is just daunting to me. It's like they want to encourage the toxicity to new heights.

Supposedly, some have said unofficial servers will fix these issues. But with the ability of the server owner to become God incarnet in a game that is designed to encourage griefing at every opportunity, I don't have much hope for that making the game better. Most of my encounters with people in the game have been negative on both PvE and PvP servers as the veteran community is rife with toxicity. Out of all of them, I've only met one veteran who was actually nice to me.

I did play on a private server with a friend, and while the world felt a little empty with only two players in it, the survival aspects of the game can be pretty compelling. The game can be rather brutal at times if you happen to wander into a higher level zone before you are ready. But the moment you manage to get a good dinosaur buddy and manage to keep it alive, the gameplay opens up quite a bit. Just remember to take things slow in the beginning and not wander too far from the starting zones.

Base building can be rather clunky and far too restrictive at times. The sloping landscape restricts allot of what you can do and only being able to build new parts parallel or perpendicular to each other will often result in most of the stuff you build looking rather boxy. Sometimes the piece you try to place down is spasming around different snap points like an epileptic at a rave as it tries to decide where it wants to go, and the only choice you have is to drop it and hope for the best. If it is placed wrong, you have to quickly pick it back up otherwise you lose half of the materials when you demolish it (rather steep price for a game with such clunky building mechanics if you ask me). Other times, a piece that looks like it is going in the spot you want snaps either in a wrong orientation or completely different snap point from the one you were looking at. I probably spent about 80% of my time building fighting the poorly designed snap mechanics. I can't help but feel that the building mechanics would be better served if the developers looked at games like Space Engineers where they allow you to easily rotate blocks on a grid.

If the developers could find a way to prevent veteran players from ruining the experience for new players, this game could be great. Unfortunately, right now, the game is mediocre at best and isn't worth the high price tag so long as the veteran players remain as the gatekeepers to the most compelling parts of the gameplay.
First off. I know people are going to read this and go "You have 1.5k HOURS IN THIS GAME HOW CAN YOU GIVE IT A NEGATIVE REVIEW?"

Easy. I've played the fuck out of this game. I love it. I split the time playing it between myself and a family member. Interacting with dinosaurs? Amazing. Building a base? Amazing. The overall concept of the game? Amazing. 

The difficulty? There are so many times in this game where something stupid happens and it literally has a domino effect on everything else. It's immersive. You take ONE moment for granted while you're mining, or picking some berries and out of NO WHERE you'll get bum rushed by a large dinosaur who's hungry and wants YOU and your TAMED animal for dinner. Within moments the flying mount you've spent HOURS taming can be gone. It's infuriating. You get so mad, and then you go back, and you rebuild. You go find another dinosaur to tame. YOU won't get beat by the game. Even at higher levels it's difficult. It's unforgiving, and for that I appreciate the game itself.

Why can't I recommend this game? It's broken. I've been playing since Alpha and there are STILL snapping issues with buildings. You have structures that have clipping issues and make it difficult building things next to each other. You know minor things that can be fixed relatively easily that have just been overlooked.

Some of the dinosaurs are incredibly unbalanced. MicroRaptors  are hands down the worst thing ever introduced to this game. You literally have no way to combat them and they often come out of no where and are found near numerous other dinosaurs that have no issue taking a nibble out of you and your mount while you're stun locked for 10 seconds. It's hard enough being knocked off of your mount. This is just one of the examples I can give as far as how over powered some of the dinosaurs abilities are.

Constant bugs. This game had NO business exiting early access. I can honestly say that. Every single time you roll out a patch you're breaking something within the game. It doesn't necessarily have to be a large patch like the recent one with aberration. Often times it's small little patches that cripple the game system to the point where it's unplayable. I recall a patch not long ago where anytime you went to harvest stone the game would just hard crash each and ever single time. 

Stuff like this shouldn't be happening to a game that's out of Early Access. 

Quite simply. This game was not ready for a full release. It still is not ready for a full release. You shouldn't have game breaking bugs every single time you release a patch. A proper game that is ready for release is Polished. It functions. This game does not fit either of those criteria. It's understandable to have SOME issues with each major patch, and we appreciate how often Wildcard releases patches and adds things to this game, but this game is still by all means an Early Access title. 

For that reason, and that reason alone. I cannot recommend that others buy this game. Not until Wildcard fixes some of the glaring stability issues that it has.
After 1500 hours in ark, I'm willing to give a review and it's really a word of warning. Read all the other negative reviews, they aren't exaggerating. Either give up any life you had in real life Ark to play this ark, because you can't have both. When you spend hundreds of hours farming a base and taming dinos, be prepared to spend hundreds of hours maintaining that, because if you aren't constantly growing your defenses and and watching all your assets, a zerg tribe from some far off country and server will come and wipe everything you had, and not even feel a little bad about it.  And when you go to take your favorite battle Quetz loaded with Ascendant weapons and armor to seek revenge on those block lettered tribes that killed all your passive tames you spent hundreds of hours on.... It'll despawn. With the last of your precious things. And the Developers won't help get any of it back.

Ark is a game that you can spend 18 hours on a day, and the moment you go to sleep, someone in an opposite timezone will come and take all your things. Don't sleep long, because they will spend the entire 6-8 hours you sleep tanking all your defenses, slowly sliding their way into the most intimate parts of your base, and there's nothing you can do about it.

It's a cold blooded game that will destroy everything around you. If you want a life, turn around and run. Play some FPS that you can turn off and walk away from and not start over again. 

Please read the reviews. It's a game you will hate to love.  It's a bad kind of addicting. It's like meth or coke, you'll want to leave, but you just can't quit.
"Some people might see that this is an Early Access title and we're selling an expansion pack and they might have an ideological issue with that. I don't think we're ever going to please those people."

That's unfortunate since that appears to be a significant percentage of your customers.
I'll start by stating that as of the time of writing this review, I have 3507 hours in this game.  Those hours are mostly on official servers, but a lot of them are also on dedicated/private/modded servers.  With that many hours, it should be clear to anyone that I liked this game and that there must be something within it that has made me put so much time into it, right?  Right.  Kind of, at least.

The basics of the game are fantastic.  You start out incredibly weak and can become incredibly strong.  You can do this on official servers.  You can do this on dedicated and private servers.  And if you are really bored, you can do this in single player mode.  The maps are large and fun.  The gameplay is exciting.  Reaching almost any goal feels rewarding and compels you to keep going.  You never run out of things to do.  You can always farm materials, tame dinosaurs, raid a base, defend against someone raiding your base, and the list goes on and on.  This is - without a doubt - one of the most addicting games I have ever played.  But...

The truth is, I think that I convinced myself that this game was great.  It isn't.  After all of the incredibly time consuming tasks you perform in this game, so many things can - and very likely will - happen that set you back or even make you start completely over, it's ridiculous.  Let me explain.

That dino that took you hours to tame (no exaggeration here) and that somehow made it through without being attacked by another player or some random dino biting it or stomping on it as it passed by?  It came out perfect!  It's the best dino you have ever tamed.  It's the best dino on the server!  It's the best dino in the history of the game!  Well, it can get stuck in a wall.  It can get stuck in the ground.  It can fall through the map.  Can you get it replaced?  Nope!  Well, sort of.  You can put a ticket in for it and three(ish) weeks later, a game dev will contact you and make you set up an appointment with them to give you a replacement.  Depending on when your mutual schedules align, this can take even more time.  When it finally happens, the replacement will not be exact.  It's almost certain that whatever the replacement is will be very far from what you actually lost.  There is no "restore" for this.  The game dev will simply "spawn" in the same type of dino - up to a certain level only - and tame it for you.  The stats are random so the liklihood of you getting anything that you actually care about is very very low.  Will they keep doing it until it matches what you had before?  Nope.  They do it once then they are done and then they are gone, ignoring anything that you say to them as they float, naked, up and away from you.  Good thing you waited weeks for that, right?

How about that character that you created and leveled for countless hours.  You beat end game bosses, unlocking the best engrams/skills in the game.  You gained extra levels above the soft level cap for it.  Well, somehow it got lost/corrupted/deleted by something outside of your control.  No worries.  That can be restored by submitting a ticket, right?  Well - no.  Very similar to the situation explained above, they cannot simply restore your character.  They will only have you create a new character and level it up to the soft cap for you.  You don't get your boss kills.  You don't get your engrams/skills unlocked.  You don't get those ascended levels back.  You get to go do all of that again.  Too bad for you!  At least they make a funny noise while floating away again.  That's hilarious!

Did you find a video of a cool place to build?  Did you go from server to server and look for a that same place only to find it built in and then finally get to one server where it was open?  Nice!  Well, after all the time you put into that, guess what.  You can log in one day and every single thing is gone.  You didn't get raided.  There is nothing in your tribe log showing that anything was destroyed or killed.  It's just all gone.  Everything.  Every dino, every floor, every door, every item.  Poof.  Well, it just so happens that a dev can simply come into the server and delete every single thing that your tribe has.  Dinos, structures, items.  All of it.  They don't give you a warning.  They don't even give you an explanation.  You just log in and it's all gone and you have to question everyone on the server as to what happened.  When you do finally see someone else getting an "explanation" of what happened, the dev simply states that the being able to build in that area is "unintended" and is considered to be the same thing as undermeshing (building or going inside of the terrain).  Not undermeshing, but considered to be the same thing?  Oh, so there must be a list of places that building is not acceptable, right?  Nope.  You get to figure that out on your own.  Wahooooo!  

Do you like lag?  Well, you're in luck.  This game is one of the most lag-ridden games I have ever played.  Can they fix it?  Who knows!  It's been years and it's still there - taunting you at the best times.  Like when you are shooting at a dino or at another player.  When you are just about to use a parachute.  When you dive that Griffin down into the scar to get some speed so that you can get away with that 190 Wyvern egg that you just stole.  Uh oh! - lag spike!  You missed that last shot on the dino or player and got killed instead.  Your parachute didn't deploy and you smashed into the ground.  Your Griffin didn't get the memo that you looked upwards to get away and instead, it flew straight into the lava - instantly killing you and the Griffin and destroying your gear and that 190 Wyvern egg.  Too bad, the lag is just part of the game! LOLOL!  Weeeeeeee!

Did your base get raided by someone that DID actualy undermesh to do it while you were offline?  Guess you didn't record that, then right?  Well, too bad for you and hooray for them being able to take all of your stuff and keep it!  HAHA!  GOTTEM!


So many times, I saw things like these happen to others and thought "Wow, I don't have those issues".  Well, eventually your luck runs out.  I've had every one of those things - and others - happen and I have screenshots and ticket dialogue that show all of it.

I love(ed) this game.  I think anyone that plays it would likely agree that it's one of the best games they have played - until you are the victim of any number of the issues that they don't fix or that Wildcard Studios unfairly does to it's loyal players. 

It is incredibly unfortunate that this game is the best in the genre (in my opinion) and has nothing to really compete with it.  Because of this, it seems that there is nothing that drives Wildcard Studios to fix the plethora of issues within the game.  There are so many, it's ridiculous.  There is nothing stopping their game devs from abusing their power and deleting everything you have done with no warning or explanation.  They don't back up your data at all.  Restores for anything are impossible.  What kind of business is this?  Instead of Wildcard Studios releasing more content with the same issues or instead of re-skinning dinos or making new colors available, they should try fixing some - or even one - of the issues, instead.

I used to tell everyone looking for a game to play to buy this one.  That was selfish of me.  To all of those that I wronged, I apologize.  If you haven't bought this already - I would say don't waste your time/money.

Yours Truly,

A Teamer
TL;DR - the developers are making an absurd mockery of both this game and the entire Early Access program

First a couple of (in)sanity checks: this game was released almost two years ago. Then a little over half a year ago an expansion DLC was released, with a price tag roughly 60% of what the base game is selling for. That expansion consisted of an entirely NEW world to explore, with new dinosaurs, new technologies...basically a whole new game that just had the same engine and mostly the same rules and mechanics. And still they hide behind the Early Access program instead of admitting this game stopped being "Early" a long, long time ago. OK, end of rant about the absurdity of calling this an Early Access title.

Now to cases. Here is what the game does well (evaluating only the base game, not the paid DLC):

1. Great concept, survival plus team play plus dinosaurs. A wonderful way to start.
2. Excellent world design, in graphics, diversity, and habitability.
3. Very fun dinosaur taming mechanics (for the most part). 
4. Solid building mechanics, enabling everything from rude huts to massive cliffside fortresses.

All in all a nearly perfect start on creating a Game of the Century quality release. Now here is where it goes off the rails and dashes any such hopes:

1. A thoroughly toxic community, with absolutely no built in measures to stop the trolls and other toxic player types from actively ruining the gaming experience for virtually everyone else, even on PVE servers. Even on servers with mostly good players, and there certainly are some of those, only a few trolls and malicious players can quickly ruin things for everyone except the long-term, well established teams that have been on the server for ages, who only hold their own by measures almost as toxic to the server at large as the creeps they are defending themselves from. New players don't have a prayer, of course. Example, all efforts to stop established players from gobbling up all the buildable land in sight have been utter failures, and one or two attempts actively made the problem much worse, so that new players can scarcely find a place to even build a campfire, let alone a shelfter from the beasties and then eventually a home. 

2. An update system that has an annoyingly prevalent tendency to break things, e.g. by ejecting your tamed dinos from their pens, by teleporting killer dinos inside your premises, etc. And they run updates far too often and for far too little reason. Apparently it never occurred to the devs to save up and alpha test new changes until they are both a) known to be at least as sound as the code currently running, and b) there are enough of them to bother doing an update at all. And of course premature updates then result in multiple hotfix updates to fix the problems introduced in previous updates. It is almost as bad as Microsoft Windows, where most of the bug fixes in each new update are there to fix bugs introduced in previous updates. And yet all those updates consistently FAIL to fix any of the serious bugs, some of which have been in the game since the very beginning.

3. After probably hundreds of incremental updates, the devs still haven't figured out how to make solid objects....solid. Dinos get stuck inside walls. Objects and players sink through floors and often the ground beneath them, becoming stuck and/or irretrievable. Tamed dinos blink out of existence entirely, only to appear minutes to hours later in places they cannot survive more than moments, like in the middle of a swamp full of hungry wild dinos...or hundreds of feet up in midair. Ravenous wild dinosaurs pass right through even giant steel walls to feast on your tamed dinos inside. Players fall out of the sky when their flying mounts suddenly become momentarily insubstantial or when the game knocks them offline because of even the briefest interruption of one's connection to the game server, which is often the result of....

4. ....crappy and highly inconsistent server performance, with very poor optimization and almost no safeguards against lag and other connection issues.

Put all that together and the real problem becomes blindingly obvious: the devs are too caught up adding new content, e.g. a progression of more and more dangerous dinos, new items, harder survival modes, etc. and totally failing to finish fixing the massive flaws in the existing content to bring this game up to anything even approaching the quality level of a final release. That is why it is perpetually stuck in "Early Access".

Edited to add one final note: I neglected to mention that the single-player of this game is actually decent, though it is still pretty gimped due to much of the content being dependent on team play to either be possible or to be enjoyable. I wouldn't recommend buying the game just for the single player mode, but thought it fair to point out that a few of the worst problems, like the toxic communities, bad server performance, and poor PvE implementation are not present in SP mode, and some others are mititaged.
OK, I previously reviewed this before they announced an actual launch date.  I still stand by my initial review.  We played for over a year on an incredible community server.  There was still PVP but it wasn't what the PVP has turned into.  You want these big wars they advertise with you riding armies across fields to PVP.  Keep looking for a different game because you will never see that in this game.  We initially had uninstalled due to how toxic the player base got after cross server transfers.  We saw the new Isolated servers and thought wow, finally a way for people to enjoy the game.  My husband played for a day on one server before being trolled and losing everything while offline.  He started over on a new server and I joined him because everyone he was running into wasn't about just ruining his game. A few hours later we had a small house and a few riding tames.  I had just placed a feeding trough finally and was heading to my house to park and log off.  All of the sudden a guy on a raptor and a guy on a frog show up trying to kill me, so I get away becuase obviously after a few hours we have no defenses so I run. They proceed to blow a hole in the building I come back to ask why to which they then just keep me unconcious while they dump, not take my things just dump on the ground our entire morning of work.  Player base in this game is toxic, you can't enjoy it, you can't build, you can't tame because someone will just come along in a few hours and destroy it all again.  I stick with my initial review.  Do not waste your money!  Game is still super laggy, even on extremely low memory it overheats our pc's Some parts of maps are so glitchy you can barely make it through them.  It had the potential to be a great game but the humans playing it ruin any fun anyone gets. There is no need to attack people that have only played a few hours, have no turrets, live in stone and don't even have a dino that can eat other dinos.  That is just being a dick.  That is what this game is full of.  If no one lets anyone build you can never have true PVP because OP players picking on new players is not PVP.  Add to that the fact that for the most part developers didn't listen to any of us when they made changes that affected gameplay, I mean why would you listen to the player base, what would they know about how your game actually plays.  Now a once awesome game was destroyed from the inside out.  Bad decision after bad decision and now they try to "fix" what they broke but the players are entirely too toxic to fix.  Players have found every way possible to exploit the game and find new ways to every day.  Maybe it's not just this game maybe it's just a sign of society in general.  I have noticed a change in the gamers out there no empathy, they cheat whenever they can, it's all me, me, me with most of them.  Time to go back to the way life used to be actually interracting with humans so you can actually see the pain in someone when you crush their soul.  Maybe it wouldn't be as easy to be such nasty cheating trolls in every game.  What's the point of a PVP game if you never let anyone build so they are actually a fight?  Oh I guess you aren't good enough to actually PVP so just keep trolling we'll go elsewhere and tell our friends not bother.  I was in an alpha for over a year, we intentinally let people build huge dfended bases so that we actually had a fight.  You know real PVP.
Ok, before I start, ARK was (and still to some extent is) one of my most favorite games of all time. When I get on one of my nice, casual, single-player worlds, I have a great time. However, can I recommend it? Absolutely not it the state it's in now.

In the beginning, ARK was an really good game for Early Access in my honest opinion. Sure, it had a bunch of bugs and an incredibly agrivating building system, but it was fine to accept for an early access title. Tons of people played it and tons of people loved it, including myself, even though I was pretty much somehow playing it on a potato with a few blinking lights and USB ports. Even though most times I didn't have the mental strength to play it, when I did, I had a swell time.

Then came Scorched Earth.

The Scorched Earth DLC pack, a DLC pack that was for a game still in Early Access, mind you, whilst being an OK DLC pack, marked the beginning of the end. It added new dinosaurs and a new map that many, also including myself, thought should've have merely been an update to the game. It also proved to many people that, instead of working on the many, many bugs and even the building system (which was still laughably bad, by the way), they were working on more content that merely added more bugs to the pool of already existing ones. Obviously, ARK lost a lot of followers and support.

Between the point in which Scorched Earth was released and the free DLC, Ragnarok, was announced, time marched on as if Scorched Earth never even existed. No further support was given to it whilst Studio Wildcard added in new, vanilla dinosaurs. The only bit of major support SE was ever given was the addition of the Pheonix, which, at that point, couldn't coax players back onto the map in order to get it. Players had already done what Wildcard seemingly wanted them to do; they moved on.

Ragnarok was released and people were fairly pleased. The map was interesting and new and was used for a long while. Granted, it was a fan created map, and there are some incredibly tallented map creators for ARK out there, but it was something new for everyone that played on consoles that couldn't use user created content (yes, ARK was released on consoles in this stage). However, even with the new map that added the Griffin, many things still weren't fixed, most importantly the building system that had gone years without repair. Everyone that could play on PC weren't adversly effected with the mod Structures+, but every player on console were having to suffer the ugly pillars that poked through the ceilings, the glitches in which a structure would snap to a point that wasn't even accessable, and the fact that if the surface you were building on wasn't perfectly straight, you were sh!t out o' luck. However, even then, they still held hope; Studio WC announced that they were planning on integrating S+ into the base game, and everyone erupted in glee.

And then, sh!t hit the fan.

Whilst Abberation was still under development, the STILL Early Access title was raised from the previous $29.99 to the wopping $59.99 it is now. Fans erupted with outrage, seeing that the title that was 75% completed at best was raised to the price of a full AAA game. At this point, ARK started rolling down hill at the velocity of a bullet train as SWC rushed the game to "completion," leaving many of the bugs that had been there since day one in the game and declaring it a finished product when Abberation finally launched to the public. It was at this point, and the point we're still at today, in which ARK reached the lowest point of its lifetime, a point thought unreachable when it was first put into EA. Server preformance was garbage, S+ had never been implemented into the base game, the game was an unoptimized piece of rotten fruit that required the entire bulk of a well preforming gaming PC, the server browser was a complete joke, and there was NO WAY that ARK should've been released in the state that it was.

And now, here we sit, with yet another game fed to the dogs that sh!t money. Was the game ever ready for release? No, my friend, no it wasn't. Now, we have a game that is STILL 75% completed at best selling for the price of a AAA title with a basic carbon copy dipped in glitter glue selling on the Steam storefront for half the price. Am I angry? Yes. Am I devastated? Also yes. I'm angry and sad that this can happen so easily to good games in EA, but, hey, it's Early Access. What you buy is never what you can expect years into the future. Fate, no, some developers in general, are cruel and choose making money over making a quality product that people can enjoy years after we've long passed on. I won't refund my copy, too late to now. However, what I can do is warn everyone. DO NOT BUY ARK IN THIS STATE! Do not give Studio Wildcard more money for this beaten and broken game! If everything changes, I'll change this reveiw as well, but for right now, even with how hard it may be to...

AVOID THIS GAME LIKE THE BLACK DEATH IN EUROPE OF 1350!
TL;DR: Bite the bullet and pay for a private server with your buddies if you want to have any fun.

In the newest trailer for ARK, a naked man awakes on a beach with no idea what the hell is going on. Seconds later, he's killed by a woman riding a raptor and wielding an AK-47 simply for the crime of existing. While this was a wonderful cinematic that was meant to promote the game positively, it incidentally showed potential players the single WORST part of the game and the reason you should avoid it entirely.

Unless you're planning on playing on a private server with friends, which will cost you at least $15 a month, you're guaranteed to only enjoy playing ARK if you get incredibly lucky. And I mean -incredibly- lucky. You may even find better luck on public servers if you have a friend who's got 5,000+ hours in game and can supply you with everything to get started. I've tried no less than 24 times to start fresh on public servers, and here's just a sampling of the things that've happened to me:

- Chased down by a three men riding Tyrannosaurs because I tried harvesting fiber on "their beach"
- Tranquilized with a scoped rifle, handcuffed, siphoned for my blood and left on a raft floating in the middle of the ocean
- Tamed my first dinosaur, logged off for a grand total of an hour and logged back in to find both my beloved parasaur and everything I'd made from cloth and wood stolen, burned to the ground, etc.
- Tranq'd (again) after I logged on, regained consciousness only to find my inventory stuffed with dinosaur poop.
- Had my entire box of berries and (albeit stolen) eggs raided and replaced with large dinosaur poop.
- Finally, and I mean FINALLY got to the point where I'd made a friend and we'd built a small base together near a waterfall off of the tundra. Left for maybe 10 minutes to tame some pterosaurs so we could fly, and returned to find the server admin astride a massive bronto smashing everything we owned because "it was his waterfall"

The community is toxic, the game actively punishes you for logging off, and no matter how much progress you make you'll NEVER be guaranteed anything besides a swift and unjust end. Think you can lock your base's door and log off inside to be safe? Wrong again. Someone will just bust down the wall and drag your ass outside to execute you for the crime of not playing the game 24 hours a day. 

I had fun ONLY when I was on a private server with friends and we took the time solely to have fun and build massive cities in the wildnerness. The game HAS potential, but even now it's just sadistic garbage that punishes people for trying to play the game without some kind of helping hand on their side long before they start playing.

Either get a friend who's lost his job because of all his ARK hours, or get your own server and never deal with the community at large. Red pill or blue pill. Which will you take? It doesn't matter; one's cyanide and the other's a placebo that'll give you diarrhea.
At last, after putting 6k+ hours into this game over a 1.5 year period, one month after quitting, I am writing the review of Ark.
I am not going to get deep into how amazing certain aspects of this game are because most people already covered it: yes, the breeding is great and so is the building, the pve aspect, the underwater, the end-game, the maps, the graphics.
But I would like to highlight a few aspects that make me NOT recommend this game unless you are going to play in single player (warning: everything Im about to point out relates to official PvE servers, and TheIsland and SE maps, from a one-person tribe, and some of these things apply to multi-person tribes too):

*Maintenance:
   - You need to put ridiculous effort into "imprinting" baby dinos to permanently raise their stats and make them better (meaning: you have to wake up every 3-4hrs for even up to 12 days straight, as the imprints have such intervals)
- You need to log in every 3 or so days to keep the most useful dinos in the game fed (quetzals and gigas), which also requieres farming food for them regularly and replenishing generator with fuel so that the fridges are working
   - You need to log in every 5 days to keep your glass structures from auto-decaying (and they are crucial to owning a garden or... having a really cool-looking base)
   - You need to log in every 7 days to keep all your dinos from expiring and people claiming them or the dinos just disappear
- Once you quit or take a break - due to whatever reason, whether your IRL circumstances forced you to or you just needed it - you basically loose everything you worked for, months or even years, unless you trust somebody else enough to let them take over. The only thing you do not loose is your character (unless you left it on a server that had a random shut down and never got back online - and yes, that happens to official servers too, like server 89.)

*Optimization:
   - The game lags horribly and freezes in areas where people build big, fully enclosed bases and have a lot of dinos. It can freeze even for 1-2 minutes and could possibly crash too. Then you, say, fall off your bird, your character gets eaten by a wild dino and your bird gets killed by it too.

*The game is only for people who have a lot of free time:
   - Breeding (without an event that boosts the raising rates) is horribly time consuming... 28hrs for a baby giga? Where you have to hand-feed it every few minutes or it dies? Really?
   - Transferring of items between the servers - you can only transfer what you put into your inventory in last 30mins, and once that timer is up, you need to wait another 30 minutes, standing by an obelisk (or tek transmitter if you have one), praying that no wild dino will attack you, that you won't die of cold etc. Very horrible for trading because transferring stacks of metal now takes hours, just for the sake of one dino or blueprint.

*Lack of logical solutions and balance:
   - End-game is actually not all that fun. They keep "re-balancing" the bosses and the ascension, half the time making it impossible to beat it. In the beginning of summer 2017, they made such changes that killing dragon, ape or brood on hard level was almost impossible - and with the dragon, it actually was impossible. No matter how many generations of rexes you must breed and trade for, and imprint, and no matter how good gear you get, it never is enough. The game lacks balanced end-game features that would be achievable through challenges that are possible to complete but do not require glitches or exploits to do that. 
   - I've seen changes that made many people quit or be outraged... take the flyer's nerf, where they crippled the whole group of dinos, believing that they were too overpowered, just because they could transport you quickly from one part of the map to the other... I've seen developers abusing the exploits themselves that they would normally condemn people for: they would put their baby dinos in water in order to keep them in stasis so they didn't need to be fed... Before the game left the early development, its price already jumped from like 20$ to 60-70$? While it still had bugs and badly required fixes and completion (the final boss was not implemented yet).
    - Servers being full, player-wise (70/70 players at a time) and dino-wise (5k dinos per server), making it impossible to breed and tame.
   - Most changes are for new players, not veteran players.

And leaving the worst thing yet for the end... Deceit. Developers deceived people. How? Well, let's take a look. Firstly, they promised us all that they would not wipe the official servers upon the game release (which happened somewhere at the beginning of September 2017 I believe), then they said that they would actually do the wipe. And then, when they got a very big outrage from the players, they said that they would split the servers into two: part would be "Legacy" and that's where the players who played Ark for 2 years before it left early access would be, and "the New" servers, that had no connection to Legacy and were a fresh start for anyone who wanted to do so especially in PvP. 
They said they wouldn't wipe the servers... but then they made a list of "only the barren, ghost-towns" servers to shut down and repurpose them for the new cluster.... but from just a "chunk", it was almost half of all servers. Players had only FIVE days to move from their server (if it was on the kill-off list") to a different one. 500 dinos, tons of heavy materials, lots of blueprints, fertilised eggs, their water dinos... For most, it was impossible to do a complete move, so some quit completely, and the rest had to give up at least a part of what they had since they coulnd't transfer it all in such a short period of time.
And then, when everyone settled and thought that the stress is gone... The developers announced that every 3 months, they will be wiping 10% of Legacy servers ("the bottom ones", least populated ones) to repurpose them for the New servers... until all Legacy is gone. That being said, ultimately they WILL wipe the Legacy, going against everything they promised to their players, it's just that they will do it over time. And who would want to invest their time, knowing that in the next series of shut-downs, their server might land on the kill-off list? Not many people. That's why most of them either quit, or moved to the New servers (which, by the way, are getting pretty full too).

I do not recommend it. Especially not for the current price. At the beginning, the game might be wonderful. But in long-term, especially towards the end-game where the grind is your new daily routine, it gets frustrating. The decay system is horribly punishing, and unofficial servers have it too, because they don't want their maps to be full of bases yet nobody being online, and none of those things being utilized. The developers are not trustworthy with their words and promises, which in the end could cost somebody a lot of emotional stress and feeling of utter defeat, when your years-worth of work goes to hell. Furthermore, it is not good for people who don't have much time. Playing only on the weekends won't just be enough for official servers. It could be for single-player or unofficial servers, but that's about it.

I ultimately quit because I had to spent 4 days in hospital, just after the game left early access, and came back to some of my dinos dead from starvation and structures auto-decayed. Then my university started and I understood that my priorities should shift from spending all evenings and some nights on this game, especially knowing that if for some reason I don't manage to log in for a few days, I would loose it all, to focusing on my health and education. There are other, way better survival games out there that are not so high-maintenance but also fun to play - and many of them I would recommend over Ark any day. Just do yourself a favor and do not buy this game.
Yes, I recommend this game if you play on a private server or solo game. I have played over 2000 hours of this game. I love it. The art is great, the game play is great, but the public servers are not so great. 
********************************************************
I do not recommend this game for public servers
********************************************************
Lots of griefing in this game, especially from the players located across the Pacific Ocean. On public servers I and my tribe mates have been warding off invasions. It becomes a chore and these invaders use hacks and cheats which destroy months and even a year's worth of hard work in very little time. With the re-instated server tansfer capabilities, it has gotten to the point where the game is unplayable and simply not fun. People blocking resources and not allying up is very problematic as well. Then if the invaders do take over various resources you and your tribe are hosed. The game is not balanced well for PVP, especially if the invaders have taken over other public servers, mining resources there and then transfering into your server. We've attempted blocking all the Obies and all the drops as to deter them and at the least trap them here. Unfortunately, that breaks the game play even more. 

Within the discussions, there are a lot of complaints about these invaders from across the Pacific. These discussions often times are "locked" from replies and or are deleted in order to minimize the exposure of the problem rather than providing an answer for the problem. One answer would be to follow in the steps of other studios, where these particular group of people only have access to servers listed for their country/region. I do hope this issue becomes resolved one way or another. It is sad that such a great game can be ruined by social behaviors. Unfortunately, the culture of certain countries do not view cheating as a bad thing. In fact they view it as "a win is a win, no matter how it's achieved".
Dont waste your time on this game, i have almost 3000 hours and i will tell you guys why>
1- You will waste hours building and finding out that everything is above you, doesnot matter how much you grow there is tribes whit more then 100 players on diferent servers togheter that go wiping everyserver they find

2- If you keep playing the game after you get wipped by them, you will try to grow again whit more people this time,  you will prob get wipped sometime untill you know how this game works.

3- then someday when you get about 2800 hours of play time, you will attack them, when you attack them, you will WIN this attack, but you will find out they had an OFFICIAL ARK DEVELOPER on theyr tribe, and your entire alliance will get globaly banned from ark official servers!

THATS WHAT I GOT FOR PLAYING 2800 LEGIT HOURS OF ARK, THANKS!!
Loved this game. At first it's a blast!

But then you realize that the boss fights take literally months on end to prepare for and the only viable strategy is simply lots of t rexes, a pig and a yutyrannus. As difficulty increases you simply get better saddles and more riders because all thay changes is the bosses hp. Endgame is incredibly disappointing. 

On official pve servers people constantly build spawn traps preventing you from doing anything. If you report them the staff does nothing about this even tho it is outlined in the code of conduct.  Players from foreign countries harass servers constantly and block off resources/wyvern egg spawn etc. So they can farm them and sell them for money on websites, again I have seen them do nothing about this. 

You will get stuck... allot and have no way to kill yourself or get out because you are stuck in free fall until you starve to death.

My friend couldn't play because his game literally would crash every 5 minutes. My game upon loading up and trying to join a server forces itself to restart each time, the restarted client will then actually join the server.

This game is great fun. But there are so many glitches and they allow so many people to abuse game mechanics on "official" servers. If you submit a ticket because any issue good luck on getting a response, good luck on actually completing the ticket even as it is made difficult even to request help. 

Great concept, and fun game but them allowing people to violate their code of conduct and not fixing the issues is tiresome.
Best game I've played in over 10 years, as far as game play and content.   I have 8,416 hours in game, according to Steam, but it seems like double that.
The reason I cannot recommend this game is the devs.
It is quite obvious that the devs lack the responsibility and integrity to host a "fair and balanced" gaming community.   Dev wiping for no reason, or in most cases, completely fabricated reasons, is rampant.   It is quite obvious that they play their own game, and treat the public servers as their own sandbox, and your success depends on their mood.
Wiping long-time players for violation for rules that don't exist, then wiping the bases of any tribes that were ever associated with that player ..... then, literally, GIVING the resources from their vaults to another tribe.    
I could go on all day, with specific examples, but there's no point.

I want to say that I waited a couple of months to post this review.   I did not want to post out of anger or salt.   
This is the Ark community, as I have experienced it.

If don't want to play on public servers, then I recommend this game, with 10 stars out of 5 ... make that 100!    If you want to join the community, and play public servers .. prepare to return to kindergarten, where the teacher very clearly has favorites, and if you aren't in the club, you won't get a toy.

After 1070 hours in game I'm uninstalling. Devs will not listen to player base at all. The game is being killed. With every patch they add more content/bugs to a game that is already so buggy and glitchy already. FIX THE BUGS AND AI PATHING. You can't ride a land based tame without getting snagged on every little thing on the map. I've lost so many tames to these glitchy maps it's stupid. PVE is boring and ruined by the devs last patch, PVP is completely unbalanced and not real PVP at all. There is no way to defend a base on this game at all. You can try all you want but the larger tribe WILL get in.  Offensive strategies are too strong compared to the little bit of defenses available. Cross ark transfers were the first stage of the devs killing the game, the flyer nerf was the second. 

I hope you enjoy boring farming at stupidly low rates just to watch your work be taken by somebody else while you're offline. Ark PVP servers have become toxic in a way that you can't let your kids play either. This game has a stupid amount of potential if the devs would just listen...Don't waste money on this game until it is complete and done in all aspects. The early access has been used as an excuse for every bad point of the game, while not being addressed AT ALL.

Wait for reviews on the COMPLETE FINISHED version before buying.

EDIT, It's been a long time since this was written and the game is getting much better. Devs are listening to the community finally and gameplay is getting better. PVP is still actually player vs base but slightly more balanced. Officials are still as toxic as ever, and mega tribes still ruin them. Now they are ruining the small tribe servers as well. BLDX and TEA need dev wiped.
I will try to make a review that potential buyers of this game will understand. 

TLDR: Dont buy the game unless you're prepared to dedicate your life to it completely and accept it for all of its flaws.



1) THERE IS NO ROOM FOR CASUAL PLAYERS.

If you think you're gonna go into Ark for about 2 or 3 hours, have a good time, live your life normally and pick up where you left off tomorrow, then boy i hope you like receiving a daily dose of anal pounding. Most of the fun stuff they advertise - taming dinos, exploring the map, hunting, breeding, - come second only to defending what you own. Because ARK has no safe zones, everything you acquire in the game has to be stored in areas you yourself have established. Other players who are more active than you WILL destroy your base.

2) PVE IS NOT A REALISTIC OPTION. 

There are PVE only servers in the game, but literally ALL of them have already been claimed by someone and they have gone out of their way to block all the good spots on the map. Even the spawn points where noobs come in for the first time are all blocked with structures. And since the server is PVE, the game wont allow you to destroy any of the offending structures other players have built, even if it's a straw hut right on top of a spawn point. You might be thinking, "So go PVP servers and play better then, you noob!" Well...

2) PVP WANTS YOU TO SELL YOUR SOUL TO THE GAME. 

Winning PVP is not skill based. Whoever dedicates more hours will have more ammo and more dinos and will win every single time. The game requires your tribe to be online 24/7 if you don't want to lose ALL of your progress. That is not an exaggeration. Apart from your character's level, you will lose EVERYTHING if you so much as take a break to study for exams, or talk to your children, or get hospitalized for playing videogames too much because...

3) YOU MUST COMPETE WITH THE ENTIRE PLANET. 

Before the recent updates, you only had to out-produce the 50 or so people on your server. But now the devs have made it possible for other players from any official server to transfer their high level characters, dinos and items to any other official server. (Note that un-official servers are immune to this but they are unreliable. They will get deleted if the owner stops paying for the rent) This means that megatribes with hundreds of active members can very easily transfer in and reduce your smaller, more casual tribe into a long, greasy underwear stain. 

If you and your buddies are casual gamers you either have to be slaves to a megatribe, become a megatribe yourselves or be naked, homeless dudes running around punching trees. There is absolutely no middle ground. Okay... so let's be naked dudes!

4) BECOMING A HOMELESS RAIDER IS THE ONLY CASUAL GAME EXPERIENCE TO BE HAD. AND IT SUCKS.

Be a nomad, own nothing, build nothing, just come in and destroy people's belongings for the lols. Nothing to lose, so you can log out and play whenever you want. That's one way to play, I suppose. But the problem with that is that you can only really raid, or more appropriately "grief" low level players. And if that's how you get your rocks off, then I hope you choke on a dick. But bigger tribes are basically immune to anything small time raiders with no base can dish out. You'll never get to do anything else, like exploring caves or taming large dinosaurs. And once you are a known griefer in your server, big tribes will probably blow up all your structures on sight. All you can do is grief noobs into quitting the game. 

There was a time where ARK allowed for making friends with people on your server and establishing alliances. But these days, the devs are making a lot of changes that discourages you from that. And that is why...

5) HIGH LEVEL PLAYERS HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO BE COMPLETE D-BAGS TO NOOBS IN ORDER TO SURVIVE. 

Because anyone from anywhere in the world can now just come in to your backyard with unlimited resources and completely wipe your entire server, security has become a critical issue for powerful but otherwise peaceful tribes. Some random guy can simply create a new character in the server he wants to invade, set up an outpost and unload their powerful gear. 

Alliances with other tribes could potentially make matters worse. Allied players can come over to your base and your automated defenses will not harm them. This doesnt stop them from planting C4 though... So any invader can come in, pretend to be nice, join one of your allied tribes and you wouldnt be the wiser. He can then just come over to your base and plant bombs on your gate while he says hi to the T-rex that's supposed to be guarding it. And since you have no control over who other tribes recruit, nor can you ask them to pay for any damage they cause, you're better off not allying with noob tribes at all.

Unfortunately the only way for established players to truly secure their server from invaders is to not trust anyone. Any noob that tries to come in has to be killed, no questions asked. Even worse, some tribes have now resorted to lining spawn points with defenses to kill anyone trying to enter the server. And as for your already established bases, you will need defenses built en masse if you dont want them destroyed. Which leads to my next point...

6) THE END GAME IS 90% GRINDING FOR RESOURCES. 

Because of the relentless, global-scale PVP, you need defenses on every side and corner of your base. And that requires literally all of your time grinding non-stop for resources to build and replenish the mass amounts of turrets and bullets needed to repel the inevitable arrival of hostile megatribes, who they themselves are producing at a far greater rate from the safety of their own servers. You may repel them at first. But they will come in waves. Endlessly. At anytime. So for you to survive, it's producing turrets and bullets forever. No fun exploration or hunting... just mining metal and making godamn bullets. If you want to grind resources and build towers, you're better off playing Clash of Clans. But even if you somehow accomplish this, it still doesn't make you safe because...

7) THE GAME ITSELF IS FULL OF GLITCHES AND EXPLOITS.

It's bad enough that other players want you dead, but the game itself is actually a much bigger annoyance. Wild dinosaurs can spawn inside your most secure buildings for no apparent reason and destroy your most valuable items/furnitures/dinos before your turrets can have a chance to react. Even your own dinos can literally vanish because the game simply deleted them from the server. You can be in the middle of a heated battle on your most hard-earned dinosaur only for the game to crash, and 5 mins later you come back and you and your dino are already dead. Experienced raiders can even use the game's plethora of exploits to their advantage- turrets not shooting when you carry a dodo with you, or phasing through walls, or creating 2nd accounts to farm resources. You could do everything right and still lose because the game is simply so glitchy. But maybe you're thinking that this is early access, and bugs will be fixed soon? Nope.

8) DEVS COULDNT GIVE A SINGLE FUCK ABOUT GAMEPLAY. 

Wildcard is a very small development team that makes money from purchases. Not subscriptions or microtransactions or e-sports. Which means they only make money off of someone who buys their game, not from someone who is still playing it 2 weeks later. Sales quantity over product quality. That's their business model. They add more and more new creatures and items every month to stay relevant and lure in new people, but the same bugs and annoyances that have been around for years are still unchanged.

ARK is supposedly still in-development, and the idea is that we give them money to finish the game. But instead they have taken all that money to make a paid DLC. This reveals just how low gameplay and player loyalty really are on their priority list.
I purchased ARK almost as soon as it came up on Early Access back in June of 2015. I've seen ARK evolve from its earliest days to where it stands now. I also own the dubious Scorched Earth expansion. I've taken part in pretty much every kind of activity to be found in ARK: solo building, working with small public tribes, all the way up to large scale alpha tribe vs alpha tribe PVP. Granted, there are -plenty- of people who have more time in ARK than me, but I've pretty much seen it all. Now with all that said, and considering everything I've seen and played, I cannot recommend ARK. Here's why.

If you really, really wanted to boil it down into the most basic explaination possible, it's because ARKs combat is simply not fun. All the other issues in the game all relate back to this point in one way or the other. Allow me to explain. 

Look at ARKs promotional videos and ask yourself what you see. You'll see armies of players alongside T-Rexes fighting across open fields. You'll see epic assaults on heavily defended bases by seige platforms mounted on mighty dinosaurs. Look at the promotional pictures here on Steam. You'll see trader caravans escorted by raptor cavalry making long treks across the island. You are probably thinking of buying the game so you too can take part in these epic struggles for survival.  

I'll tell you right now that you will NEVER experience ANY of that. Wanna know how ARK combat REALLY goes down? You farm up C4 for a week and then wait for your target to go offline. Then you and your tribe go to their base, which is in fact not an epic castle but a metal cube slathered in auto-turrets, and you drop friggin turtles on their base until their turrets run out of ammo. Then you take your C4 and blow your way in. If their dinosaurs are all on passive stance, just shoot them in the face until they die. If they are on nuetral, lure them out of the base and have your own dinos kill them at your leisure. Once all their dinos are dead, just keep blowing stuff up and stealing everything until you run out of explosives. If your REALLY lucky, one of their guys might get on and you MIGHT have a firefight. Then the next morning you can get on and hear them crying that they lost 6 months of work in one night. Eventually, one day you will suffer the same fate. Of course, all of this is assuming that you and your tribe reach the point where you can raid bases, and that you and your tribe weren't effortlessly curbstomped by an already established tribe the moment you set down your first foundation. 

The entire game, and I do mean the ENTIRE GAME, consists of nothing but months of grinding resources to do that exact thing. ARK demands that you invest so much time in it that it might as well be a part time job, and when the chips are down and all is said and done, the end result of all your labor is going to be blowing up a metal cube. Every other activity in the game is nothing but grinding up to get to that point. 

In summery, all the neat gear, all the cool dinosaurs, and all the other features of ARK become a zero sum game when the end experience is something as uninspiring as offline raiding.

--------------------------------------------------------

Addendum: It has come to my attention that many people are expressing their opinion that options such as PvE mode, private servers, mods, etc invalidate my points and redeem the game. 

Firstly, if the community of players have to start enforcing their own personal rules (ie. private servers) or adding their own content (ie. mods) in order to make the game palpable, then that is a telling sign that the games core, fundemental mechanics are intrinsically flawed. I do not believe it is the responsibility of the community to fix a games flaws. Things like mods and private servers should be tools to enchance an already well built game, not used as crutches to sidestep a games core issues. I am writing my review concerning the game as the developers intended it to be played; which I believe has serious shortcomings that show no signs of getting fixed. I don't think its fair to potential customers to review a game any other way.

Secondly, PVE servers suffer from a myriad of problems. First and foremost, by eliminating direct player competition, you remove about 50% of the games entire premise. I found that some of the most fun aspects of ARK involved server politics such as alliances, betrayals, territorial skirmishes, rescues, ambushes, etc etc. By taking out any form of player vs player engagments, you can forget about all that. Which leaves you with... what exactly? You will collect dinosaurs to sit in your corral, you go spulunking through a few caves, and MAYBE if your REALLY lucky, you'll fight a boss with some other players, although good luck getting enough people to help you with that last one. The fact of the matter is that the PVE elements to this game, while much deeper than other survival games out there, are simply not compelling enough to stand on their own two feet. That's not even touching on the fact that PVE servers STILL have ways where other players can screw you over (for example, surrounding your base with foundations to prevent you from building, and preventing resources from spawning nearby) and since it's a PVE server you have absolutely no methods of retaliating.

ARK has great potential and can frankly be a lot of fun. People wouldn't spend 500+ hours in this game if it wasn't at least kinda fun. However, the fact of the matter is that it's potential is horribly squandered by boring combat, tedious grinding, balance issues, and several downright stupid mechanics (bringing back server transfers? After what happened last time? Really?). Paying customers should not have to put up with this considering how long ARK has been in development. At this point, it's obvious the game is only going downhill, so I can't recommend it to new players.
After 3,500 hours, I feel it is finally time for me to write a review. 

Firstly, this is an amazing game with stunning visuals, the player vitals are simple and don't inhibit gameplay in a way that makes it too intrusive. The survival aspect is actually hard! It's challenging at the beginning for a new player. The first time playing the game is unlike no other game experience, so many things to do, things to tame and finding out what to use them for. Getting out of wood and going to stone feels like a valuable upgrade. Then you log off. Wake up excited to play and find out everything is destroyed. No reason, just destoyed. Even if you have nothing of value like a thatch hut, it will be destoyed. 

Official servers are toxic. They undoubtedly have a strong lead tribe known as an alpha, that undoubtedly belong to one of the two cross server alliances that are always attacking each other, might sound kinda cool, right? No. The two alliances are bad for this game. They resort to racism, slotcapping servers, hacking, and DDoSing to keep their place on their servers, they will set up botted accounts to log into a server to keep it capped so nobody can join while they're raiding. Bye Bye dinos.  Don't think the developers would do anything to help either. Jat, a member of wildcard hangs out with members of the big tribes in the alliances. He has a bias. You'll have to glitch to keep your items or keep your things alive. Did I mention the grind? Maybe you like grind, but this game has unimaginable grind. People on official servers will do 5 hour metal runs clearing every node on the server. Yes, you read that correctly, people will mindlessly grind metal for 5 real life hours. I've seen people put 200 hours in 2 weeks. Morning til night playing every day. I've seen people take vacation days from work to play this game. It's sad.

The screenshots you see do not reflect your gameplay experience, raiding people with nightvision? Nah, press tab and type in gamma 4. There you go, don't need to make night vision. More than half the dinosaurs are useless and unless you're taming them for fun I strongly suggest you play on an unofficial with rules. Otherwise kiss that all goodbye. 

I don't reccomend playing this game without friends. Playing solo is awful. Don't build in anything but metal, and spend 8 hours a day getting bullets for your turrets only for someone to undermesh your base (Going under the ground and popping up inside your base). Basically don't play official. 

I've played on both sides of the alliance, and recently they've flipped, which put a lot of my friends on the enemy side. My tribe, or the tribes I've played in have never been wiped by another tribe, so I'm not making this out of anger. I'm saying that don't spend 50+ dollars plus the DLC that you'll need to get an edge over anyone just to be dissatisfied. Play with your friends on an unofficial. Play the game for fun, and don't get sucked into official drama. It's too late for me. I don't recomend this game, but I don't not recomend it either. It's just a broken, glitchy game that can be really fun if you have the time. Please don't play official if you value your time. You'll invitably lose 1,000s of hours of work overnight. That's not an exaggeration either.
TL:DR The devs are purposely promoting griefing on public servers to try and keep the number of public servers down, as less servers means less money spent on matinence. So either find a private community prior to purchase or do not buy. Also do not just tell me to play singleplayer, your response will be deleted.

I have played this game since day one alpha release, and I can tell you right now, there had to be a management and design shift right around march of 2016. In its infancy, the game was incredibly fun. It was a fight for survival, where you would try to get shelter up as fast as possible, just so little bugs wouldn't eat you alive. After that you would gather resources, hunt for food, defend yourself, make armor and weapons. You would then set out for a tame, usually something small like a pig or a parasaur, maybe even a raptor if you want to live dangerous. This tame would help you gather more resources, as it could carry even more resources. This was a rinse and repeat cycle of taming new creatures to serve different purposes, to then help expand your base and get better and better tames, with an end goal of fighting a boss. 

You could go solo, or make/join a tribe, allowing several players to work together, this made the game INCREDIBLY more fun (getting on a bunch of high level raptors with friends and devouring anything you came across was incredibly satisfying). Then you could work with or against other tribes, as you could trade resources or give old tames if they are newer. You could also go to war with another tribe, attacking their base, proving your worth. The other option is to take your tame and go stomp the dude who just made his first thatch hut, this is where the problems start. At first there was only minor griefing and was mainly done by Brazilians (I don't know why, and I have nothing against brazilian people, its just the griefers on the servers I played on way back were all brazilian). They would run up to you naked with a spear, and try and stab you to death. Usually you were with a tame or had a weapon and could easily deal with them, and to be honest, isnt really game breaking as hes just a naked dude with a spear. As more and more people became aware of what these guys were doing, it became less of a problem as anyone who found a Br (brazilian) would call it out, and we would stay on guard for a bit and they would eventually get tired of getting slaughtered and leave. 

Fast foward a few months, and now they updated the pteranadon, a fast flyer for those who dont know, giving it a barrel attack move. This would increase the damage it did significantly, and make it move incredibly fast. This was cool at first, but was quickly adopted by more advanced griefers, as pteranadons were very easy tames. The game quickly became litered with people getting pteras, flying around and dashing through people, killing them, or worse, swooping in extremely fast, picking them up, flying high, and dropping them, causing no kill message to occur. This was an insane problem for newer players as they had no way of fighting back, causing them to get whiped repeatedly for just attempting to play the game, and was even an issue for advanced players as if you had things like rifles on your body and he insta killed you before you could kill him, the guns were now his and he could grief even more people with them. As far as I am aware, the ptera issue is still highly presistant to-date. 

The next issue was server dominance. Some servers would get to the point where only one tribe was on them as they whiped out every other tribe on the server. Many of the now "legacy" servers still have this issue, and its bound to happen with the new ones. If you go on one of these dominated servers, not knowing it, you would wake up and your character would be handcuffed,  in a prison with full weight so you couldn't jump to drain stamana to die, so unless you wanted to wait 2 hours for your food to run out and starve everytime you wanted to start over on that server, you just ditched that server and looked elsewhere. I actually met the individual who made spawn camping a bannable offense, as he spent 2 real life days with a friend, building metal traps at each and every spawn location on the map, trapping any character who freshly spawned on the server, This was in an attempt to lock down their server to the point that they wouldn't have to worry about sweeping their server every day to make sure no new spawns showed up. Now this was a really messed up thing, but at least it was contained to that server, keyword being was.

Now with the two issues I just told you about, and the devs doing NOTHING to stop it (except for the spawn camping, but i'll get to why they banned that later), they did the last thing anyone but griefers and mega-tribes wanted. They added server transfering. Now in theroy this is to allow active players to swap from an inactive server to a active one, without losing all of their stuff. This is actually really neat, and if it was only used for this purpose then I'm all for it. What happened though was there was a very short cooldown on transfering, and you could bring EVERYTHING from one server to the next, all tames, all gear, any/all supplies. In the following days, those mega-tribes I mentioned before, that were farming resources, extremely powerful tames, and extremely high quality gear, would start to server hop at night, when no one was on, starting in one corner of the map and working their way to the other, wiping out any and all tribes on said server, leaving everyone there, who has played for months or even over a year, and get wiped by guys they never saw before. As far as the ptera griefers went, they just transfered server to server, killing people, taking their stuff, than then leaving the server, with no way of knowing where they went, so there is no way to even attempt getting back at them.  

Once all this happened, I stopped playing for a while, as so did many, but months later I heard they did away with server transfer, so I started playing again. They then released scorched earth, and a few buddies of mine and I got it and played together, and it was incredibly fun. Then came the patch notes, and guess what, server transfering was back, after a lot of people payed money for the expansion. 

Players attempted to make server transfer non existent on the player side, by blocking the obilesk, the giant pointy towers, as thats how you would transfer stuff. The devs later made it to where at any loot drop, you could transfer stuff, this led players to blocking loot drops, meaning now all that rare loot, you could no longer aquire. The devs then made drops land on top of objects, meaning you could no longer block them, and made blocking oblisk bannable. This lead to server transfer becoming an issue again, and people started getting unfairly wiped again by people who used unethical methods of warfare and would raid offline tribes.

It then became clear their goals were to scam people into buying the game, and then ruin it after they get it so they can shut down servers. At this point, bugs were not being fixed, and more and more unbalanced content, that only made mega tribes stronger, was being released. This was clearly to reel in new players, with all the cool videos of the game, only to find out its griefer city. Now, remember when I said I'd explain why spawn camping was specifically the only griefing made banable? It was because if a new player jumped on a dominated server, unknowingly, and was spawn camped, they would maybe try 2-3 more times, but would probably give up, uninstall the game and get a refund. By banning spawn camping, new and unsuspecting players would easily be able to play past the 2 hour refund window before learning all their hard work was for nothing as their character ends up in a prison and everything they made, just gone.
Played SO MUCH Ark over the time its been in early access, and have owned it since almost day 1.

ARK was barely worth the original cost of £18 when it was released, though the developers slowly started top release more and more content, however:

The more dinosaurs they add, the more invalid and pointless the old dinosaurs are. For example, Dinosaur A has been in the game since release and is effective at farming fiber for you, but shiny new dinosaur B was released a week ago and farms fiber 4x faster, but also farms wood and stone too. Making old content obselete under the guise of "new content" isn't really the greatest way to go around "adding" new content to the game, since they seem to obselete and effectively remove as much content as they add.

I remember the promises of optimisation and direct X12 since VERY early in the development stage. Roughly a year and a half later and those who held their breath waiting for this have long since passed. (Press F to pay respects)

Early access game, charging a fairly high price for the stage it was at in the development cycle (Originally £18) was a price too high, though instead of working on the promised optimisation, the buggy no-clipping of certain dinosaur eggs, the many bugs with the games engine, the UNBEARABLE desync, the magical rubber banding mosquitos (lets face it, their rubber banding often makes them more threatening than the various big carnivores on the island) and adding wuality fo life improvements (such as overhauling their abysmal UI) they instead decided to develop paid dlc.

Paid dlc.
For a game.
That has not
After around 2 years
Left early access.

Why is a developer wasting resources on paid DLC when their vanilla game was NOWHERE near completion or release?


$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$££££££££££££££££££$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$£££££££££££££££££££££$$$$$$$$$$$$$$


You get the point.


Now, the game has jumped from the barely excusable £18 to a massive £50.

£50.

For those of you who do not use the queens pound as currency, the VAST MAJORITY of RELEASED triple A titles are priced at £40-45. 

Not £50

NEVER £50 in early access.


Gameplay wise the game is....fine.

Grind and level up while grinding and gathering materials so you can grind yourself out a small shitty hut to barely survive the night in. Hopefully survive the night so you can spend the next morning grinding and chopping fucking trees to become overencumbered because you put your stat points into melee damage to kill the magical mythical rubber banding insects and dilos, to then upgrade your shit tier teepee into a not so shit but still fucking terrible wooden hut with more space to store the vast amount of shit you need to continue to grind in order to grind faster so that you can in turn grind more materials to craft more grind efficient things to grind with.

Oh, the dinosaurs? Yeah, another convoluted grind for the sole purpose of making grinding easier.

Dinosaurs are LITERALLY all about sitting afk beside the dinosaurs bosy wasting your time so you might grind quicker later on, provided of course the stupid fuck doesnt die within the first 9 minutes of being tamed, and provided you can find ONE person on a 50 man server who is not a complete shit rag to make a saddle for you.


If you are an absolute fucking idiot (or masochist, or a chinese gold grinder) then the official servers with the extremely stupid low gather rates, low experience rates and MASSIVE tame timers (For some of the bigger dinosaurs be prepared to sit there ALL FUCKING SAY, only to have one of the other 48 members of the server who ARE shit rags come and kill your dinosaur mere minutes before its even tamed) would be perfect, WOULD be perfect, if the developers hadnt allowed cross server transfers. 

Since cross server transfers have been possible, the community have witnessed what can onlyt be known as some form of "Burning Legion" where the communists of Russia and China emegrate FULL tribes of people who are level capped with END GAME gear to a server, ransack the server, destroy all player made structures, kill all player tamed dinosaurs then leave. If you are still an absolute fucking reject, then by all means play on the official servers, but be warned, you WILL have to bow before Sargeras and suck some commie dick.

If you are NOT the aforementioned idiot, you will obviously be more drawn towards the private servers. The private servers have increased gather and experience rates and dinosaurs will tame quicker. Sounds great, but wise men teach us that if it sounds to good to be true, it usually is. Although your grind wont be as mind numbingly painful to the point you will be mining stone with your forehead irl, you are going to have to deal with the denizens of a private server. These people are literally the swathes of humanity that have never developed real social skills and will in turn try and grief you at every single chance they get since the world seemingly owes them a favour. You can spend literally hours looking for a good private server, and all you are really looking for is which server has the least amount of Downs Syndrome. 


TLDR: Nope. Just read the fucking review, cunt.
First Review...

TLDR; Don't plan on playing on an offical server and having a good time unless you have a crew of more than 20 to outplay Alpha clans.  Even then that's a stretch as some of these alpha clans span many servers and have over 200 members.  The most broke mechanic of all is the fact that I can name myself clan blablabla and rename it FyourFace and raid you, then change it back to blablabla and you will never know who killed your tames or raided your things.  Alphas do this all the time.  Offical servers are populated by either american, asian or brazil population and once one of them becomes an alpha if you are not from that nation you are a target.  Plain and simple

Play on private, donate to private so they stay alive and stay away from offical server alphas.  they just troll and make up rules as they go.  Who's gonna stop them?


Why spend 365 hours playing a game when an alpha clan can end you and ban you from a server in 10 minutes?  And that means all skills all levels gone in 10 minutes because they have the numbers to report you for abuse.  So you could join another server and start fresh, and the same thing could happen again.  

So what's the problem?  Alpha clans and or large clans have nothing to do.  After they've tamed 12 Gigas and 15 Trex's and breed them to perfection stats what is there to do?  Might as well go stomping around and flex.  build metal letters in the hills that spell out clan names and kill people that want those resources for ingame stuff.  They are bored and you become their entertainment.  all your QQ and WTF's become their live streams and lolz.  

I loved the game, thought it was cool, built a base and started to tame and then....  I was raided so i built smarter and better, watched videos and tuts studied and played with building offline.  And was never raided (most raiding happens by mid teir clans that rename themselves so they don't get caught.) but no...   IRON MAIDEN the alpha clan said FU when I ask them to stop picking on small 2 man clans.   I myself was a one man clan.  365 hours playing on one sever to have IRON MAIDEN an alpha clan on many different servers with 200 some members most being  brazil, come out, blow my stuff up, knock me out and  imprison me.  What am I do to?  beg? They are more equiped and established then anyone on the server combined.   No I start spamming on global F#@* IRON MAIDEN AND EVERY SERVER THEY'RE ON.  STOP.  Think about it.  You're not getting your stuff back, they're not letting you out of your cage, your only option is to die of starvation and respawn.  At which point your base is already gone and your tames and your gear and for what?  You ask them to stop picking on small clans and they grab you!  well the global spam lasted for about 10 minutes and now I can't join the server no more.
  
So!  you can join an alpha clan or hope to start one and troll the hell out of that server but the moment you feel trolled and decide to troll back... Ban hammer from that server.  ALPHAS have no end game other than to fake police or monitor the server how they choose.  so this game is at the mercy of whom ever is the alpha.  And you might be thinking well that's life and that's how it's supposed to be.  Let me say this Alpha clans are not alpha clans becuase they are better at the game they are alpha because they had a head start on a server and killed off anyone and kill anyone that gets close to them in supplies and basses to eliminate threat.  Legit strat?  sure.  So again if you have a large clan and want to try and troll a server then by all means i hope you enjoy the game.  Otherwise when you start building smart large or defensive you become target number one.  

Survival is one thing first come first serve is another.

You will get wiped if large enough, strong enough and or creative enough to become a threat at low levels by either leading a gigantor to your base, doing it themselves, or renaming the clan to wipe you so that when you look at the logs you have no clue who did it.
Love the game, love the concept but I can't motivate myself to play anymore. If only the devs would optimize the content already there instead of adding new stuff continually. So much needs polishing but the dev's concentrate on bloating out the game with more unoptimized stuff.
A game with monumental potential but is plagued with many flaws. The gameplay is fantastic, the complete freedom is refreshing and unique. You can have hours & hours of fun in this massive open world with so many ways to play the game. 

However, the official servers are a joke, not just in how they run, but the pvp gameplay promotes a toxicity amongst the community, tribes are forced to be more aggressive and cautious because they can lose so much if they are raided by other players. This is where the problems start. Smaller, casual tribes struggle to get to a position to enjoy a PvP server as they get wiped by Tribes with thousands of hours of grinding gameplay. At end game, tribes start going to the extremes trying to DdoS servers, duplicate items, slot cap servers all to get this extra edge and quite literally destroy the game for everyone else. The game is so dependant on the grind, that you can't stop playing without understanding that if you log on in a week you, your base & your dinos will be gone. 

Trying to find a place to build on PvE servers where someone hasn't made a foundation & pillar to not allow you build around there is annoying. Then once you finally start building on one of these PvE official servers and try and tame your first dino, it won't let you because the server is dino capped! I know there are some fantastic unofficial servers out there, but do I really want to invest all my time into a server that can be turned off, changed or wiped? 

- I would love to see a auto toggle PvE - PvP feature. Just to give enough time for new players and casuals to get on their feet, understand essential game mechanics and will auto toggle when your tribes resources, dinos and members reach a certain point
- New servers that have tribe based Dino & resource caps, might promote a different style of strategic and skill based gameplay. A casual, faster paced experience with less investment might bring in new players and provide variety to the normal ark game modes.
- Something has to be done about people placing random structures all over the place in PVE so no one can build remotely close to them. I have seen some span ridiculously far...  Perhaps making it that you can't build near anything bigger than a 3x3? Instead of a foundation & pillar?
After about 1000 hours of the toxic community. I recommend you stay away from this game. It's like having a second job, you're constantly waiting for the fun to happen, and it rarely does. If you want to experience the game, get some friends, get a private server, and enjoy. Otherwise strap yourself in for a crazy grind, many restarts, "Alpha" tribe politics, PvP exploits including, but not limited to "Meshing", C4 Proximity Blocking, and many, many dupes.
I really did want to enjoy this game I played the hell out of it but, the crashes man the constant crashes and frame drops. If you have a really good gaming PC get this game its very fun, however if you have a low end computer or even an average one; sorry man you are out of luck :(

PS devs if you can at least fix the frame drop alone, i will 100% change this to a positive but until then sorry its a no from me.
At close to 3k hours played, seeing the Ark world from the ground level, and from the Mega Tribe level, this is what I have learned: 
Cheating, Exploiting, Hacking, Duping is Not allowed in the game, UNLESS you are or have "famous" streamers in your tribe, or friends of game Devs, and such staff.

These privileged tribes move their things and them selves from server to server, magically turning off defensive turrets, lagging out the servers they attack to the point where defensive dinos will not do damage, among countless other things which have been recorded both by defenders AND by the streamers them selves.. Yet, the devs let them do their thing.

I have my self both been standing in the middle of a base, and seen others from a distance, where the turrets around me have gone Offline as they get close, with no damage to the powergrid, and with generators still running. 

Seen them running around my base without ever getting hit by flowers or any other defenses..

One of many places these things have been reported, and SOLID proof presented, is survive the Ark, and reddit where those posts have been systematically deleted, and people in smaller tribes reporting it have been called "mega tribe PETS" and shamed for it, by moderators...

This is by FAR the most Corrupt game I have Ever touched. 

Absolutely Disgusting and Shameful moderation of the Official Servers!



Would Not  recommend Anyone to waste time on this, unless they happen to belong to the Privileged Tribes, who cheat their way to wiping near all tribes they come across, and extorting the rest to do their bidding. 




Game just got released as of writing this Review! Linux version is still having broken water shaders, Still Opengl3.3 instead of Unreal's supported Opengl4.5. Lots of other Graphical glitches and poor performance. And its just 59.99€
What else do you need?

Very Lazy devs. 2 years in Early Access. Still same glitches that were here when they launched it on early access 2 years ago.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gko3Fo2liss

This is how I wish the announcement of the paid DLC would have went down:

"We have recently settled a lawsuit in the order of 40 million dollars that we were obligated to pay out as a result of a broken non-compete clause.  Due to this most unfortunate oversight, we are now in need of additional funds to continue development of the game.  We are reaching out to the community in the form of a paid DLC that will give backers early access to tonnes of new items, creatures, and an awesome new map!  All of which will be available for free upon final release of the game."

Had the release of the DLC gone down this way, I would have purchased the DLC without hesitation for myself, my girlfriend, and my best friend.  I can even live with the "pay-to-win" aspect of the DLC if it grants an advantage exclusively for Early Access.  Ideally however, there should be a way for non-dlc player to gain access to those technologies.  Something like a "bring a tribemate" system where as long as one person purchased the DLC, he/she is allowed to bring one or a few tribemates with them to the new area.

An awesome incentive to purchasing the DLC before its contents would be available for free to all, (and besides its early access to the new content incentive), could have been tonnes and tonnes of awesome exclusive skins.  They really should have considered skin packs to help recoup their losses.  Not just equipment skins!  Literally change the skin of the animals.  Or really unique skins for walls and fences, or pretty much anything for that matter.  I would buy all of the above!  
  
But nope;  They had to go the way of so many developers.  When will they learn that integrity and honesty will get them so much further with their fans.  Yes, I am a fan. A huge fan.  A hugely dissapointed fan.


..It's not too late to revert the horrid Paid DLC decisions:

1. Offer refunds to anyone that had purchased the DLC under the assumption that the content is permanently exclusive.
2. Offer an incentive not to get the refund: A tonne of exclusive skins, or whatever.
3. For those that choose to purchase the DLC after the changes to exclusivity are made also get tonnes of skins, just not the specific ones offered to the early DLC purchasers.
4. Sell skin packs.  Tonnes of them.

To the Devs: Trust your blasted audience;  They already love your bloody game!
After 788 hours on this game I can say I loved it until they added tek crap. After that it went down hill from there. Game is still not optimized, a lot of bugs and exploits still exist. The devs seemed to stop caring about it and switched to adding stuff that not many people care for anymore. I will say, I got my money's worth on it ,but its not the game it once was.
I loved this game warts and all, but it is broken. It's been broken the whole time and never been fixed. Basic glitches are never addressed in patches. I had a blast playing with friends until the glitches just over shadowed the game play. In addition, this game is only fun on private servers. Official servers are horrible. Looking back on the hours invested in this game I loved it for what it promised to be, not for what it was. I cannot bring myself to recommend anybody pay money to play this game. They are never going to correct the major issues with clipping through walls and off rafts. With random base killer dinos spawning in your hatchery and ripping through your base and dinos. They are just never going to fix it...why should they? Fools like me already gave them our money. Lesson learned. Never pre-order a game and NEVER pay to play an "alpha". I am a wiser, if poorer man.
Steam's own Early Access Rules

"4. Monetization: No additional paid content to be offered during the Early Access period, unless the game is Free To Play. If additional paid content not included in the base game price will be offered at some point, plans are to be disclosed at Early Access launch."

dont destroy this game only becuase u placed 20$ DLC at Early Access
Ark could be the best game in the world but instead of optimizing it with each update it gets worse and worse, it's a shame that they do not focus on this great game.
Paid DLC before the game is out of early access... says it all really. Game still runs like crap on a i7 skylake @ 4.6 , 16gb DDR4 3000 mhz and a GTX1070 .
I am really sorry i wasted my cash on this game.  It had so much potential.  But your work and hours invested in the game mean nothing to these people.  The game is live not in beta but in the last 2 weeks with their messing with the S+ i have lost all my work because they keep changing the core rules of how the game works.  The game is released, it is live I should never lose any work I put into the game the core rules for how the game works should never change to make me lose hours and hours of work.  My time actually means something to me I did not pay money to get this game so you can just piss all over my hard work. Hours of gathering, Building, hunting and training all for nothing every time you get a whim to impose your will  with no respect for all my work and time.  Once the game is released no one should ever lose effort they have put in because the developers change the core rules for the game that is only acceptable in beta before release.  You want it different release a new map or expansion with the rules you want and run servers for people that want those rules. Do not Change The core rules for everyone.  The S+ system worked great just as it was and the kibble system was never broke your players are just to lazy to work it. They will spend hours and days to train, breed and raise dinos but are to lazy to work the kibble system really LOL. Two rules you guys need to learn Keep It Simple Stupid and If It Ain't Broke Don't Fix It.  Everything you messed with in this patch worked just fine and all you did was make the building more complicated and less functional so you failed on both counts.  If the people on your official servers want these mods add them don't mess up everyone else's game because you want to make everything in the game a misery by gutting and ruining one of the best mods in the game. I really love this game but you people have no idea how to treat and respect your customers time and effort. I am done wasting my time just to have to start over from scratch.  I played Eve Online since beta in 2003, 2004 till just last year and never had to start from scratch because of anything the developers did to the game. The same with Lotro for almost as long.  You guys are completely untrustworthy with my time, effort and enjoyment of the game.
Do not waste your time here, the price is a rip off, its not a finished game, the bugs are terrible, non dedicated serves "with friends" crash all the time. im sorry to say i put hundreds of hours into this game just to hate it, the grind is awfull the dinos SUCK. they are literally farm animals, "its fun with friends" ANY GAME IS FUN WITH FRIENDS. the loading screen times are awful, the lack of effort to fix any problems is disturbing. you dont need to spend big money on a high end computer just to run this game the devs need to design the fucking game better.

Steer clear of this one.
This is an excellent idea that was so poorly executed that it hurts to look at it. I don't recommend this game to anyone simply because if you end up loving the idea, like me, you can easily sink several hundred hours into it with no goodwill from the developers and have all your progress wiped the next day. and after your initial foray into the game you have to start modding your game just to be able to handle the grind. And on top of all that, the game updates whenever it pleases with LITERALLY no ways to disable automatic updates and will hinder (if on server) or completely erase (if singleplayer) all your progress in game. In conclusion: the developers wont listen to what the community says and they'll take the game whichever direction their whims fancy. And you don't have a realistic way to opt out of updates you don't care for, or that break your game.
1st review ive given after being on steam for a decade, Offical servers have been fucked for a long time due to chinese tribes ruining every server they go to, only just started playing again after a year of not playing but this time on a private server with friends but this new flying nerf didnt just hit PVP but ruined flyers for PVE servers too, i have to strongly recommend not buying this game till the devs stop being idiots, region lock the game, optimize it over adding new content and stop adding dlc to a game thats not even released yet
I understand the need to make money, I understand the need to plan for DLC to make said money.  I even understand releasing that DLC shortly after launch. Releasing DLC before finishing the core game and with obvious advantages in PVP for those that buy it, that is not something I can understand.  Did you not discuss this among your team?  Did you think oh they love the early access so they will love more content and fall all over themselves to give you more money?  

I like the game, I wasn't too fond of PVP because that's stress I don't need, but it did look fun for those that like that.  But the game still doesn't feel 'done'.  Apparently the developers are not going to concentrate on anything that doesn't give them more money. Because of that, I would not recommend this game.  Once they have your money, they have no reason to finish the game or fix bugs and this latest move is a good indication that the rest of the game will be release in paid DLC.  If you want the game, I recommend you wait till they finish it first.
Overall, the concept of this game and the dinosaur modelling is amazing.  However, the game mechanics and the game coding is just a load of bugs if you want to play on non-dedicated or single player servers.  If your computer runs on the current Nvidia graphics card prepare for the blue screen of death that will delete the most recent game save and screw you over.  DO NOT buy this game at full price, it is not worth it and there is no reason to encourage greedy developers in to making more knock-off games (just look it up). The developers do not listen to the community and they are not fixing the issues with the game and never will.

I would give this game a 10/10 if some bugs were fixed.  If you can find a way around the bugs, the game is worthwhile.
I really enjoyed this for awhile as can be told by my played hours. However, as new patches with content dropped the game became more and more unwieldly.

And while this happened, the studio refused to optimise the game until it was officially released. Not to mention another result is this game is HUGE gig wise, taking up a large amount of disc space.

It's gotten to the point where it's impossible to play. My friends and I stopped have stopped for a few months now, and I'm likely to follow them in uninstalling. At the best of times it runs clunky, frequently crashing or lapsing into unplayable framerates - horrible when you're in an environment where you have to react and are punished with permanent loss of items and dinos for dying. Very frustrating is trying to tab out to use chat programs briefly, which the game frequently responds to by crashing.

The recent for-pay expansion is really disheartening: a large amount of new content before the game is 'released', before making the base game actually functional for those who have already purchased it.

Once these issues are dealt with I would recommend this game, but in the state it's currently in trying to play is only frustrating.
This Game is beyond amazing, BUT:
First of all, once you've gotten into a server and played for more then an hour, the game evolves into life itself. 
One does not play ark, he fucking live's it.
the amount of contant available to mess around with and to progress through is out of this world and it's just all too amazing.
BUT
as long as you're playing in a pvp server, you're just waiting for the day that a server hopping troll will appear at your base and DELETE all of your hard work.
the fact that powerfull players can move their beheemoths from one land to another is fucking rediciolous to the point that you should not start playing this game, and that's a real shame.
The game itself is very fun. Play with a few friends and split up responsibilities. Have a little dino army and go hunt some big game. Grab a couple pack dinos and head into the mountains for a mining trip, set up camp and stay warm while warding off predators at night. Honestly its really fun. But there are 3 reasons why I cannot recommend this. First off being this game is so poorly optimized its almost unplayable on anything but the lowest of settings. Which makes it very, very ugly. Second, the absolutely atrocious initial load time. It is just not acceptable to take 5-10 minutes to load up a game when I just want to pop on a do a couple things then jump off. 3rd being as everyone else is saying. Paid DLC in a game that is still in alpha, that is being sold for 30 dollars to start with, is just unnaceptable. The game isn't out of alpha. its 30 bucks. So thats already too much money for a glitchfest, unfinished game. Then these greedy devs put out a 20 dollar dlc? wouldn't that just be an update? I don't quite understand how that works. Thats an update. If the game isn't finished, you cant have dlc, its an update. thats a 20 dollar update. This is just distasteful. shame of you devs. You had a solid product here going. and you had to not address 2 things that have plauged it since it began, and now you charge for an update.
I fully supported this game until they made the $20 DLC during their EA...  Could have been spending that work time on the main game, and finishing that...
If your hardware can take it, this can be a great game (note that the published minimum requirements are really just that: the bare minimum to start it. They don't mean that the game will be reasonably playable and if you take your frustration about that to the forums, be prepared for some verbal lashing.

There are some problems of course, it's still early access/alpha, but it seems that the developer is adding on to them rather than reducing them. Here are a few (based on Official Primitive PVP server):

PVP. It isn't really PVP, more like alpha bullies imposing their will on smaller tribes and some of those are even so cowardly as to do it while you're offline. Fairness or balance aren't even on the same planet.

Pushing out a paid DLC before the original game is optimized, let alone finished.
And this while the backlash from NMS hadn't even died down yet. Very sort sighted, insensitive and inconsiderate, making WC look like a bunch of money-grabbers, regardless of any excuse(s) they or their white knights may spout.

Server transfers. Now this is the biggest BS I have seen in 22 years of online gaming. 
This basically means that anyone can bring anything from one server to another. In other words, some rectal jerk can raise a wyvern (yes, paid DLC) on a safe server, then transfer them over to a primitive server and raze it to the ground (few, if any, counter measures can withstand a wyvern on primitive). 
This means that the local alpha tribe will block all known supply drops (that's the way in) and the developer in turn creates new locations for the supply drops, and-so-on ad nauseum. Consequently, higher level engrams are also no longer available, especially to the newcomers and lower tribes.

Don't get me wrong, I have had tons of fun. There are bugs, performance could, nay *should* be better, but overall I've had a blast.
Just getting tired of the gaming industry's growing dis-ingeniousness. Now it feels like SW have joined the scammer crowd, I'm definitely am giving this as a whole a thumbs down.

Two thumbs down if I could. Not for the game itself but rather for the way it's being developed and managed.

You may find Ark tons of fun but make sure that:

you're ok accepting frequent bugs, updates and nonsensical changes
you have the hardware to actually run it to your satisfaction
you either play solo or you find a server that's decent (good luck with the latter)
Why are we getting paid dlc when the game is early access? The game needs optimizing, more depth other than just new dinos, and a crap load of other things, but instead we get this!? This is absolutely stupid charging $20 for a dlc that could have easily been added to the base game making the people buying into the early access happy but instead they are just trying to get more money. If you were to get the dlc and the base game you would be paying AAA prices for a game that is still in earl access, runs like crap, missing content. All of this for a game that when I bought it was $20. THE ENTIRE GAME FOR $20! Not this dlc which seems to have ratings that definitely don't support the price tag. The base game is good but the developers are worrying!
Why we are mad:

1.  Certain aspects of the game were directly or indirectly promised when the initial purchase of the game was put into Early Access.  Reference: https://i.imgur.com/orZRTAU.png  and http://ark.gamepedia.com/Upcoming_Features


2.  Those aspects of the game are now being resold to us as PAID DLC.  Meaning they are double dipping charging us again for the same promised content.  Technically speaking yes it could still be released at a later date into the core game, however the point is they released this FIRST before finishing the main game.  Also this next point is two sided.  Its great they DO LISTEN to modders and even take those mods and incorporate them into the game.  However the problem is when they take those idea then put them into a paid DLC that has similar features of free mods out there.  This ties into the below qoute from a Wild Card Employee, many of those free "dlc" started as community ideas or mods.  Example:  The Center Map


3.  The general attitude of employees of Wild Card.  Examples(unverified): https://imgur.com/a/l3d8M

"We don't want to charge players more than we have to," he said. "That's why we give away a lot of free DLC. Some people might see that this is an Early Access title and we're selling an expansion pack and they might have an ideological issue with that. I don't think we're ever going to please those people." - Jesse Rapczak
-http://www.polygon.com/features/2016/9/1/12719278/ark-survival-evolved-scorched-earth-dlc

Lack of response on the issue.  Repeated lack of community relations regarding bugs.  Lack of support for said bugs.


4.  In my opinion slimey tactics and loopholes to try and brush of the fact they are charging $20 for DLC behind a paywall which is essentialy pay to win:

http://imgur.com/qOsQIUA

https://twitter.com/arkjesse/status/771529281289592833


5.  Moderators of the ARK community trying to silence protesters of this madness by creating one single mega thread with a nuetral title to appear there is no outrage or issue with doing this.  https://steamcommunity.com/app/346110/discussions/0/343785574511095601/?ctp=1


6.  While there is PLENTY of content and more than worth the base price of the game.  Wild Card seemed to have started going off on tangents with the game that was not part of the core game, which what was sold to us.  And it seems to me at least no one asked for these things or considers them needed.  Example like SOTF, Primitive plus, the playing as a dino one.  No one disputes the core game is solid and worth the money.  I would have gladly paid $60 for it.

The problem is all these things taking away from the fact the base game is TERRIBLE when it comes to both performance and being a relietively bug free expirence.  This is not even mentioning the problem with lack of moderation in the OFFICIAL SERVERS themselves.  Or the lack of performance of said servers.
Just shutting down servers (all official EU Scortched Earth servers) which means that the EU players who bought the expansion are a bit very ripped .... The game was fun, but I wouldn't buy it again. Not because of the game, but because of the lack of respect to the customers (a lot of lag and low performance of the servers, lack of support and just shutting down servers in such way that players cann't play part of the game on official servers allthough they payed for it )
Love Ark as a game. The idea of Ark can be great for PVP, PVE, or PVPVE. The game is a lot of fun and as you can see I and others I know have countless hours logged on Ark. Up until now we have run our own servers and when they work they are a lot of fun... That being said Ark devs constantly push out crap updates that break literally everything over and over and over again. I am now convinced that studio Wildcard wants this game to die. They do not want to pay to keep the servers up so they are literally trying over and over to kill the game. To take a mod like S+, and implement it soooooo poorly, while simultaneously breaking the original mod that nearly every private server uses is sign of how much Studio Wildcard thinks of their player base. Had you asked me a week ago I would have said yeah sure it has its bugs and it runs like a brick, but it is a lot of fun you should buy Ark... Now after such a monumental gesture by SW I would say absolutely avoid this game at all costs unless you enjoy starting your hard work over and over when they break it for you.
i've played this game for fair amount of hrs now and i think its time i give it a review. There is nothing else that can compare to this game! So much fun with friends! If you enjoy grinding, PVP and PVE all in one, this is your game! Many different types of servers and very interesting events. 

But.......... the devs have killed the game. Meshing..... i've been meshed 3 times, reported or given proof and yet nothing is done! seen so many friends quit the game because of this issue and its so upsetting to see this is whats killing the game. Large mega tribes take over small tribes servers and have alliances and you get zerged and a lot of aimbot users from Asian servers. 

At the end of the day, the game isnt worth playing anymore until these devs fix the issues and make the game great again.
To start this off this game will take up literally every free moment of your life. The Official Servers are absolute Cancer with "Alpha Tribes" transferring managarmas onto every server they can get their grubby hands on. Not to mention there is no balance once so ever in this game. On an official server with no boosts it will take you hours to even level up enough to tame your first dinosaur. The dinosaur itself will take at least an hour to tame whilst it is very common for people to run around it spears and just kill your tames and run away. The only reason people have thousands of hours in this game is because it is so grind based that, you have to grind in order to get dinos... in order to grind. I'm not talking about the fun kind of grinding like going into caves or underwater oil nodes. I mean having to gather about 3500 stone to rebuild your base because it got wiped while you were asleep. This game seems to punish you for doing better instead of rewarding you there's such a reward spike at a certain point that if you even start to build a metal base or get a T-Rex it will make you 20x more likely to get wiped. Not to mention you have the most toxic player base imaginable. I'm talking about people who will sit on top of mountains and kill all of the dinos you spent the entire day taming because you killed them when they attacked you. 
The map is absolutely huge. This wouldn't be a problem is the devs didn't put all of the best resources in 7-8 good spots across the entire map. So instead of having a steady spread of bases it's people building in clumps around a mountain, or a cave making it impossible for other to get resources because some people will out right block you from entering.
These are all problems that could have easily been fixed but instead the devs decided that instead fixing their known bugs and balancing the game they just release dlc before the game even comes out, and continue to add new features that bring new bugs... Which the devs will still ignore because they can't charge  $20 to fix each bug
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I have over 4k hours on this game, becuase CONCEPTUALLY it is the coolest game ever. In practice though, if you plan on playing pvp servers, just dont bother. I play 16+ hours a day straight GRINDING and just get completely wiped by 2 guys on managamr's in 20 mins while i'm offline ever single week (and i fill 20 heavy turrets a week). The game dynamics are completely broken, and leaves no room for success/fun. Unless you want to play pve, but that just makes the game boring and not very interesting at all, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The game developers allso admitted they have no possible fix to people meshing, which means people can just go under the map and wipe thousands of hours of work in 10 minutes. FUN RIGHT?! YAY haha
>60 GB
>costs $50 with a sizable amount of overpriced dlc
>survival aspect is annoying (would be better if it were just fighting/exploring)
>runs like William Taft 
>got more bugs than a bee hive
>taming and farming is monotonous
>combat is ripped straight from minecraft

BuT It HaVe DiNoSaUr
Game is much buggier than any other full-release game I've ever played. Crashes, freezes, and BSoD frequently. I've even completely reinstalled Windows and this is the only game that persistently isn't stable. Also, several issues with the game engine and graphics are really irritating, such as rain inside of buildings, extreme bloom, glitchy light flashes and world tears, sound effects are terrible, and have noise gaps between loop transitions (like the sound of waves lapping against your raft).

It's a shame, really. This game had potential, and an audience that was craving a good dinosaur multiplayer survival game. The studio got too greedy, and didn't seem to think about how badly it could hurt their next game release after treating the ARK community like they didn't care about fixing glaring issues... People care about game studio reputations.
Too many bugs years after it's been released. Half working base building, pitiful dinosaur control, some horrible mechanics. Yes, it allows you to do plenty of things, but it's so easy to become victim of some bug or other. For example I was unable to build a ladder on my own building, because game decided to *always* build it on the other side of the wall?!
Many of those bugs are not game breaking and some won't kill you, at least on their own. Plenty will. The rest will only hamper you or annoy you, like when your flying mount decides to fly away suddenly somewhere very far away, ignoring your orders. Or when you are shooting something with arrows, those arrows stick from the creature and do no damage. That one is happening all the time.
You can have fun playing this game, but it is not worth the effort you put into it. The bugs in this game make it almost unplayable at points, and it crashes constantly. The biggest problem I have with this game, however, is how demanding official servers are. Since time passes while you're away, you need to be available regularly so that your tames don't starve. It can be difficult to maintain at times. The effort required to progress in the game is not worth expending, since it can all be lost through glitches, crashing, bugs, and simply having a life.

The good news is that singleplayer and certain unofficial servers allow the player to enjoy the game whenever they can, rather than it becoming a chore. I recommend this game if you want to play on singleplayer and unofficial servers, just avoid official servers like the plague.
There is no testing before deploying any patch neither any kind of quality control. You are paying full price when you buy a game and still Wild Card is assuming that You are testing their product. It's ok if the game is EA, but this is released product.

Fixing the bugs is the real issue, even it's major game breaking it still takes at least week to fix - WC clearly don't have any procedure to deploy hot fixes. They don't care if there has been major bug for a week, month, year or several. 
WC just don't get it that making good working product will boost upcoming game sales - I would never buy another WC/Snail Games product.

What ARK is/contains:
addictive - yes
potential - yes
lots of bugs - yes
exploitable - yes
laggy - yes (no matter what kind of server you have)
support - no
optimized - no
tested - no (feels like devs don't even have ARK client)
//

If you want throw money away open your window and do it, strongly recommend not to waste your money on this so called product.

224 hours on this game. Pretty fun, very grindy. A good way to pass a lot of time. What they have recently done has deterred me from every playing again however.

Paid DLC in an early access game with more bugs then the Bugs Life movie. This is the end of the age of quality gaming as we know it. They just proved to everyone competent enough that they are like everyone else these days and prefer quantity over quality. I wish i never invested in this franchise.
Fun game but the servers are the most toxic and unforgiving game I have ever played which is terribly broken, the meta is broken, you can work for 1000's of hours to build a base and lose it in 15 minutes while you are sleeping and unable to defend.  In 5k hours of playing I never did anything other than rebuilding bases that got destroyed, didn't even get to do any fun raids. :(
Alright. Loved the game for about 30 seconds then realised how unfair it is and how toxic the players are. spawns are unbalanced. you can get fucked by a t-rex in an easy zone and find a lvl2 dodo in a hard spawn.
also the spec requirements are bs
This game is a prime example of taking an awesome idea and making an absolutely grindy, boring, bug-ridden game out of that idea, charging way too much, and then constantly adding new content instead of ever fixing a damned thing.
I don't know whether to recommend this game or not.

On the one hand, it's a relatively fun game to play, with somewhat interesting takes on the survival genre.

On the other hand, as of February 2019, it wants 142 GIGABYTES of free hard-drive space to even DOWNLOAD. There is zero excuse for that. Each update seems to bloat the game further, rapidly approaching utterly unplayable sizes, even for a computer with several hundred gigabytes of memory.

Install at your own peril.
After spending over 1000 hours on Ark (across Xbox and PC) I cannot recommend this game to anyone looking at getting it. Ark survival could have been a master piece and in some ways it is. The creature and map design is amazing although it is hard to appreciate with how plauged this game is with bugs and issues. It seems that everytime I die or get one of my tames killed its to one of the hundreds of bugs which ruin this game. Itd be hard to make a list of all the bugs and issues but to list a few. One of the most gamebreaking is the terrible hitboxes/hit registry, sometimes (quite often) you will shoot dinos with a crossbow or gun and see the projectile hit the target, see blood, yet you will get no hitmarker. This is also prevaliant with taming the giant crabs on the dlc map Abberation, which are essential to the map. To knock on out you must hit it with a catapult in the body. Although despite clearly hitting it in the body half the time no torpor will be applied to the crab and you will only do damage eventually leading to the crabs death. Just today I lost an animal to a pteranadon simply because my crossbow shots wouldnt register on it. Another gamebreaking issue is the terrible ai following, quite often when attempting to lure dinos to tame into traps or just another area they will bug out and simply lose intrest in killing at all and even move specifically away from the player, this is common with the giant crabs but also happens with many other creatures, basilisks, managmars, argents, the list goes on. Another massive issue is the undermapping, although ive never experienced this myself there are always reports of peoples tames or themselves being killed because someone found a way under the map and killed them. A problem that I constantly find myself having to deal with is areas of the map that you get stuck in such as different inclines and different gaps in prebuilt structures that are impossible to get out of without having someone else bail you out. This is an obvious issue since you lose all your shit and cant get it back if you dont get out. Although in most games you can just brush off the bugs and keep playing this games constant fuckery of bugs and glitches makes it feel like a waste of time even playing it, just recently i spent about 4 hours of my night taming a creature called a managmar only to have it float in the air once it was tamed, not obey following commands, and float out the map and die. Overall Ark could have been an amazing game as its creature and map design is extremley impresssive and is majorly let down by the shit programming which really just ruins this game. I would only recommend this game if you are extremley tollerant of bugs and glitches or you plan to play singleplayer or a custom server where you can use admin commands to overcome the games bullshit.




You know what.. I will be 100% clear and honest here.

I first bought this game back in 2016 when in first came out for PS4.. I played the hell out of it.. and I enjoyed everything about it.. We became an Alpha tribe.. then a Mega tribe with over 6 servers fully controlled by us.

Then we got bored and moved to PC.. its much better here.. graphics wise ONLY.

I currently play PVE just to have fun.

But i cant believe that this is has been out on PC since 2015.. And it still has problems !!.. every server i join is LAGGY.. AND HAS TONS OF CRASHES.. SERVERS WILL SHUTDOWN FOR A DECENT 15 TO 20 MINUTES.. THEN TIME WILL BE REWINDED TO OVER 30 MINUTES.. YOU WILL LOSE PROGRESS.. YOU WILL LOSE SOME DINOS.. AND THE WORST PART IS THAT THE DEVS WILL NEVER EVER REPLY.. I CAN PROVE IT WITH A SCREENSHOT THAT OUT OF 3 SUPPORT REQUESTS ON THEIR WEBSITE THEY ONLY REPLIED TO ONE.. AFTER A MONTH !!!!!.. AND THE OTHER 2.. THEY NEVER REPLIED UNTIL TODAY..

I love the idea of the game and thats why I still play it.. The survival, taming, farming, crafting, *SOME* of the community is actually very nice and helpful. But the devs are just bad.. like really bad.. if you calculate how much money this game has made.. you will actually be talking about many many Millions.. but the devs got blinded by the dime they got and forgot about everyone... THAT IS WHY THEY GOT SCREWED WITH ATLAS !!.. we all played atlas.. atleast for a month then we left it.. no support.. no fixes.. nothing.. just some hacking people and taking over.

I dont know... sometimes I really want to play this game a lot.. but i always worry about the problems it has.. It might never be fixed.. but I sure do hope that they would listen to the people and the consumers who bought this game and who gave them food on their table.
The devs have shared the servers with their other new game making the ping regularly spike to 255 on official servers and freeze for 20-30 seconds every 5 minutes. All because they wanted to save themselves a few dollars. most toxic action by devs i've ever seen in a game, 

Love the game and our community but its basically unplayable for anything other than building, breeding and grinding atm.

Please Fix
20 euro expansion pack to a game that isn't even done and released yet. Just horrible. Can not recommend buying this at all after this stunt, the developer will probably milk it's fanbase dry.
Buggy game, rubberbanding simulator. Basically no support for stuff lost due to players exploiting the geometry. Absolutely no balancing on BLATANT overpowered dinos. Not recommended. Devs have shifted their attention to their new money grab, 
Atlas.
Development and optimization of the base game was abandoned so the devs could put their time into an expansion.

Not recommended.  Game runs like crap barely topping 30fps, dropping below 15 at times.
Love this game. But I have lost all faith in the Dev team.. Releasing an Expansion before game is in proper working order and optiomized is horrible. I dont expect expansions to be free. I expect the game to be finished before hand.

I will not ever be buying this expansion even after game is released. However if they release any expansions after release, now thats a different story. (Released means game is finished and optiomized, mostly bug free)

Flame on!
For the love of God, please save your free time and money and don't buy this game!!! Many hours wasted on taming dinos just to die from extreme cold in an "easy" cave. 






P.S. buy this game if you like GRINDING 24/7 AND THEN YOU LIKE BEING RAPED BY THE GAME :))))

P.S.2.  GAME CRASHES ALL THE TIME, WASTED POTENTIAL
I guess it's ok.
But I will not give a recommend this game unless wildcard actually can fix all the broken stuff that makes any other map than aberration unsafe to put a base on.
Do. Not. Play. Official. Ever.
The game runs terribly regardless of your hardware. The devs never did any optimization, and instead have been porting it to other platforms and putting out sequels/spinoffs. Lots of cool ideas, but it's unplayable, don't bother.
Do not support these developers. DDoSing servers for base defense, undermapping for offense, an ARSENAL of left over duped C4 and dinos through methods STILL existing today. And to top it all off, the game hardly functions. Instead of addressing these game breaking issues, they release yet another heaping trash pile with the same problems, but a different skin. 

Sh*t will never change if developers still receive support from their remaining loyal community.
Very grindy game, I've had alot of fun but for plenty of other reasons along with the grind I wouldn't recommend this game to someone and would probably say the same thing to them in person.
Devs still havn't fixed basic issues like creature pathing and would rather release garbage new content than fix the problems. Add bullshit pvp rules and you've got a garbage game. Don't reward them with your money.
I agre with the views expressed in these comments from reddit

[–]flappers87i7 4790k, 16GB 1600, GTX970 Strix 942 points 1 day ago* 

This shouldn't even be allowed.
Early access is there to help developers focus on finishing the base game. If they are working on DLC and selling it at the same time, then they are obviously not focusing on releasing the game at all.
Looks to me like another cash-in and run game.
edit RIP Inbox... A lot of arguments from both sides (surprisingly, people are supporting this business practice) but just to clarify, I don't own this game. It's just things like this, that annoys me about the gaming industry and how corrupt some developers and publishers can be.
permalinkembedsavegive goldreplyhide / show child comments


[–]Sir_Derp_Herpington_AMD HD 7850,AMD FX 8320 Eight-Core,8 GB RAM also Win10 215 points 1 day ago

 
^This
It's not enough that the base game still runs like absolute horse shit noooo. They have to release a fucking DLC when it's in EARLY FUCKING ACCESS! I seriously regret buying it now. Sadly I can't since I played 5 hours and forgot about it completely after that. Oh well...guess I'll have to bear that stinking pile of unoptimised shit in my library...
Don't get me wrong tho. The game itself is amazing - when I played it on my friend's rig it was super fun. However I should be able to run it without a problem on my second rig. However that is not the case. And it's a shame really - the premise of the game is great and so is the game...but the devs....sadly not so much.

permalinkembedsaveparentgive goldreply
[–]chrisman01i7-4790k 4.0ghz, MSI GTX 970 100ME 4GB, 8GB DDR3 ASRock Fatal1ty 118 points 1 day ago

 To me it felt like another generic survival sandbox from the start. But with buggy dinos. The fact it's been in development for so long and is still so poorly optimized and buggy was a red flag, now with the DLC that should be in the base game, that flag has become a red sail. A sail carrying me to the land of Fuck No.
permalinkembedsaveparentgive goldreply

bad stupid and disgustin move Studio Wildcard ,	Instinct Games , Efecto Studios ,Virtual Basement LLC 
if I could refund I would!
love this game but bugs and fps drops a lot lost connection and i do not recommend this game in its condition if u plan on getting ark wait until 80% off then this game may be worth it devs fix your game please.
 my pc ryzen 1800x rtx 2080ti 16gb ram
I /used/ to love this game. I played it through the very very first stages of development, and alpha tested the mac portions. I've been through this game and all its rollercoaster crazy nerfs, updates and poor management. I cannot recommend this game or the DLC to anyone anymore in good concience. Do not buy this game!! Do not waste your money!!

The developers keep making promises time and time again and pull through maybe 20% of the time, AT BEST. They rarely listen to the customers, the people giving the feedback they claim to want, about core issues with the game. Things like dinosaurs vanishing, drops in preformance, balance issues after they nerfed so much stuff playing the game isn't even worth it anymore. To name a few.

And now they release a paid DLC after making promises to make big changes to the actual core game. They didn't pull through on those core changes. The DLC is very lacking, let alone filled with the same holes and multiple issues the core game has and the developers haven't bothered to actually fix.

I can't recommend this game. It had a lot going for it when it was first being developed and as the game has progressed, it just continues to get worse and worse. I do not see any hope for this game anymore. It was a wonderful concept, but the constant backwards steps this game is taking has ruined any hope for the great game it once claimed to be.

Do not buy this game! Do not waste your money!!
This game had so much potential. Unfortunately the developers cared more about making money and releasing new content than making sure the existing game wasn't riddled with bugs. The progression pace of the game is abysmal; you'll spend 12 hours trying to tame a pack of dinosaurs only to lose them all in within 5 minutes if you happen to cross paths with the wrong dinosaur. The building system is clunky, the taming system is so unnecessarily complicated it hurts. Yes, I heard they're going to fix the taming system, but they've left this game a buggy mess for almost five years now. I wanted to like this game but the online community is as toxic as Chernobyl and the game play is slow and buggy, with lots of inconveniences that will reduce your progress to nothing. Spend your money on developers that actually care enough to make a workable game
NOT a good buy for the price.
 I bought this game when I was in early access. I think i payed around 20 bucks for it.
Played for a bit after full release and guess what, still buggy, still laggy, still quite a few problems.
Grass floating in the air. Walking off a rock gives you large fall damage equal to that of falling off a cliff. 
Stupid bullsh it like that. Game is decent enough for at the price of a AAA game, which this for sure is NOT. 
I do not recommend it. Lower the price down to more what its actually worth, sure give it a shot. Anything above 20, which last i checked was $50 or $60. Just not worth it, go play another game.
Dont get me wrong, it can be a very fun game playing with friends, but due to the infinite headaches this game has caused in the several hundred hours played, I cant recommend. My specs are i7 8700k, 32gb ram, zotac gtx 1080 ti , and this game STILL runs like garbage even at 1080p and DC's, BSOD, and several other crashes.......I have TONS of other games I play maxed out at 4k 60fps+ with no issues.....I would not be surprised if battleeye, a very annoying part of what you have to download to play the game, has alot to do with it. Anyways, if you really want to buy it and can deal with having more issues than any game I've personally ever played, get it.....I'd recommend waiting for it to be on sale. Cheers. :)
Content of the game is good, optimization very poor....
Waiting for 20minutes to load into the actual game, playable for 15minutes and then getitng an fatal error....
Just to make you wait 20more minutes of watching the loading screen....


What is it like to play ARK? Well, depends on the type of player you are. Multiplayer, there is a lot to do and if you have enough free time to put into it, there is a lot of growth.  If you play games solo, this game probably won't be enjoyable for long. Even with mods, there isn't much to do beyond the initial exploration.  I regret buying it but at least I got it on sale.
There's plenty of reviews to explain their reasons. I loved this game back in 2015-2016. Now...... It's just a hot mess of crap no one asked for. Travel back in time and enjoy the game.
It feels like the developer abandoned an unfinished game. You join a Official server and one idiot build a huge base on spawn point where u can't escape. Neither is there a option to reset/kill yourself to get out of such a situation. I don't know why you can't use a kill command and do a spawn build protection. Sad, because the game had potential
Official servers are trash, and the Devs hate the players. They spawn alpha dinos in, and around your base all the time even in the so called "Easy" areas.
If you join a map with mods enabled it automaticly subscribe to the mod in workshop without your consent. I can subscribe to malicious content without your consent and you cant cansel it. you have to find it and unsubscribe it by yourself.
Arks min req:
Storage: 60 GB available space
Rag: 3GB - yeh see you can tell people that know what they are doing made this one because the map is about 4x larger than the following 2:
Abberation: 20GB
Extinction:20GB
(I dont have scorched earth)

actually used space: 143 GB.

for those that can't do the maths, that means the total space taken up should be 103 GB, however it actually uses up 143 GB .....
think I am going to ask for a refund as it is only getting bigger and like 2 GB more it will overflow my HDD making it unplayable and false advertising.

Graphics wasn't what I expected and the photos are quite misleading. The server set up and UI isn't new player friendly at all. Played less than an hour and I had to turn it off. Overall not impressed.
This game has features and game play I could really fall in love with... if I could actually play the game.  It needs so much improvement on its technical side that they seem to be ignoring.   Don't expect this game to run smoothly or have a relatively bug free play session.  If they ever fix some of the problems with this game it could be great.
Can be fun until you crash and spend hours getting your stuff back from a crash. I have a nice PC and still crash about once every 2 to 3 hours then spend the night getting back your body. Getting back your body from a crash is not fun takes tons of time. Pass on this game you would think after 3 plus years this game would still have bugs it does and many.
Well I played the game for about 5 minutes and in those 5 minutes I came across a hell of a lot of bugs and glitches. I thought i would use the main chat to ask people about them, see if there was any patch or ways to fix them but apparently it's just the norm of the game and has been since the launch. This game seems like a good idea but all i've heard is how lazy and sucky the Dev team are, thought i would try it for myself since it's on sale but I guess all those people proved me right. Asked Steam for a refund and they kindly gave it too me.

I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone until they actually sort their sh** out and judging by the server population it seems to be dying out.
The game runs like ass

Been in early access for what feels like years

They released TWENTY DOLLAR DLC for an unfinished game that's in early access.

I'd love to refund if I could.
I bought this game and all the related expansion packs and DLC and there have been very few games which I can recall looking forward to playing as much as I did ARK: Survival Evolved. I'm sorry to say that this game's optimization is so bad that it rendered it generally unplayable with it crashing on practically every single gameplay session. I checked every single driver imaginable and made sure that there were no hardware or software compatibility issues and yet it still kept crashing. What an utter disappointment and waste of money.
An actually pile of Dinosaur crap, a bug riddled grindfest that will leave you scratching your head in frustration as hours of progress is lost because of some glitch or a Overleveled pack of animals that target you from seemingly miles away. Stay far, far away.
Game is absolute trash. I don't know how I slogged through so many hours of playing, but it cannot even get basic concepts to work correctly.
Trying to exit out of a menu because you are being attacked and start to run or counter-attack? Oh no, you pushed keys too fast so now you are frozen in place.
Randomized destruction of tools, with crafting a new one impossible on the fly because unknown reasons. Adequate resources, hotkey'd weapon - still won't fuc.king do it.
I am all for a game being difficult and challenging, but no one wants to *fight the game itself* to get it to let you play it.

Absolutely disgusting.
No tutorial, so you have to google everything to learn how to play it. And you can spawn inside other players buildings, which you cant get out of, and no way of respawning, so you have to wait to die. Horrible experience
Its alright, its a nice game to spend like ~5-10 minutes on when your waiting for something like brownies, the dinosaurs are a nice touch. I'd give it a 3/7
This game is fun... HOWEVER, the game is super boring without mods but mods take forever to download,  the only part i had fun with was bringing my dinosaurs to kill other dinosaurs while my friends got everything else required including the dinos i used, the pricetag on this game is $60 even though my friends bought it for me when it went on sale for $20. I would have bought the game myself for $20 looking back at it, but $60 is completely out of the question. If the game goes on a big sale and you have friends to play it, go for it, otherwise i would not recommend this game.
To who ever is thinking about buying this game i would recommend not to buy it yet because it is far too laggy but lookout for any further updates that may fix a patch for it
i can't even play this game it's so laggy, it's ridiculous i want to try the game but i can't because how laggy it is. please fix it
This is the biggest flaming pile of dog shit I have ever played. The game it’s self gets repteive because you will die at least 400 fucking times per session. The game itself is absolutely atrocious because of the simple fact that it crashes ever time you fucking move. This is biggest waste of fucking money I have ever seen. This isn’t worth 1 dollar, let alone forty of them. Fuck this game, and the fags that made it!
this game is grindy. It costs way to much for an indie game and it is honestly not a very good game in these aspects.

The first problem as i've said before is the price 55 euros for an indie game in early access. This is way to high plus the fact that there is still a lot of DLC. This is not acceptable for an early access game. 

Second of all is that it is way to grindy unless you are playing on a modded 100x/1000x server. This annoys me a lot because sometimes i just wanna play vanilla and then i have to grind an hour to get a t-rex.
Ryzen 2700x and 2080. Medium settings. Verified files. Still crashes and runs like 80fps. Extremely buggy servers. The videos make it look great, but it's just aweful. Me and 2 friends bought it. One played it on console which he still claims it runs great and is an awesome game on console. Some sort of shit porting went down and the game is bad on PC. We all refunded after attempting to play for 74min with a couple crashes and many random deaths and getting stuck on stuff. 

If you do buy it, I wish you the best of luck.
It's laggy even on highest settings, and there really isn't anything fun about it. 99.5% of the game is just farming, and then there's .5% of actually doing something fun. There are bosses and things, but these fights aren't engaging at all and take forever to even prepare for. The boss fights consist of you getting a bunch of your best dinos and putting them on aggressive while you sit in the back and watch. The hitboxes this game has are also one of the major issues I have with it. The hitboxes are somehow worse than garrys mod hitboxes, with you shooting a slow, huge enemy at point blank, seeing your arrow hit it and blood come out, and it doesn't register as a hit 50% of the time. This is also problem when riding of wyverns, because if you dismount one while they are shooting, their hitbox for their right click attack reaches up their entire back and kills the rider instantly. Late game, progression slows to a halt and instead of seeing anything new, you just breed dinos and waste days of your time watching a timer click down on when you need to imprint and feed them.
This game was fun when I first started playing, but I quickly saw that all the farming wasn't worth it in the end when fights are extremely rare and not engaging at all. I've wasted so many hours of my life playing this game hoping that the farming would eventually end and I could see some fun action, but it never happens in this game. Don't waste your time buying this.
Nvidia 1050 yet I still can't run ark at a decent frame rate on medium settings, If I set my settings to low it just looks like a modded version of minecraft wtf ark
Do you like Lag? Is your life missing  some Lag? Buy this game! You'll get so much Lag you won't  know what to do!  The players even have a cute "gamer" name for it; "rubber banding". Isn't that swell?! Not just a little Lag but 3-5 seconds of NOTHING! Not the Lag you're used to, this is Beta grade Lag. This game is Making LAG Great Again.
I've had fun on ARK for some time but when it just gets to grindy in rescource collection it just ain't worth the time and effort...

Pros:
- very co-op dependent
- dino's duh ?

Cons:
- price, IT IS WAY OVERPRICED DO NOT GET ABOVE 20 euros
- Very repetitive to the point where it is not worth it
- a lot of cheaters
- paid DLC ontop of the already rediculous price.
If you love grinding for materials, never leaving the one server you are using, being killed without even talking to somebody and pve servers are filled with huge houses filled with every single dino and the people/person that owns it dont even play any more well then buy it.

So in summary the game is pretty much dead
This game wasted too many resources and took way to much time to focus on everything but the only aspect everyone cared for, the ability to play coop  and survive a prehistoric Dino world. Stupid beams of light destroyed everything. at least for me.
This game sucks balls. Frame rate is baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad and game crashes 69 times until it actually works. Characters shit themselves even tho they havent even eaten anything.
games released yet still incomplete, almost as laggy/buggy as early access still, unsure if the devs are mentally challenged or if they intentionally added some of the bugs,
if how ever you enjoy being ripped off, raging, smashing shit then this is 100% the game you have been searching for your whole life, could be an amazing game if it was made by a real team of developers.

i do somewhat recommend this game as there is to many people on this planet, and the increased suicide/homicide from everyone playing this game could help with that...

Fuck you very much wildcard :)
bruh, this game doo doo. anyone who likes it is doo doo too. the only time i had fun was with like 4 people when everyone was black and started raping eachother. it cant even clean your pc
Not fun at all. Settings are terrible and hard to fix and the game just kind of puts you on an island with no objectives and no inspiration to actually do anything. Even with friends it is boring.
worst company i have ever seen. i spend more time fixing and restarting new games cus after each major update they make they break the game. plus they  tell u the game is only 30gigs ? no  after the updates the games goes almost 200 gigs its stupid i have seen   bigger more complex games with better graphics that are around 70gigs AND LESS BUGGS   
  the way the game sites  right now  it should  be free or  5$ or less make ppl pay 30$ for 1  incomplete map  that just uses retextured   stuff ? wtf

As much fun as I've had with this game I cannot give it a good review. I've had a bug several times that forced me to delete the whole game and reinstall it just to be able to play with mods. This has been an issue for over a year now and is being ignored by the devs. On top of this the game itself is a buggy mess.. a fun buggy mess but still. Save your money until this game isn't a waste of your time.
The idea is good. Survival with building and pets. But the implementation is bad. Everywhere you go you run into bugs. Like walking of any ledge you get stuck and can't move, dinos gliching into the enviroment and die, building blocks that won't snap and graphics that has a life of its own. 
It's like playing a half done early access game, but they finished the content but ignored all the bugs. A new patch each week that fixes 2 bugs and introduce 3 new.
Break down almost every modded game and server just to add 20% of the best mod from the workshop, S+. Needless to say the 20% doesn't even works, while it also stop S+ from working - really helpful since the author stopped working on the project.

