[h1][b]Superb capitalism simulator[/b] and clicker game[/h1]

[b]For the experienced clicker game players, it is not weird to see that someone has 50-1000 hours in clicker games, but for someone who is new to this kind of genre, like I was, it is really weird. It has a really simple explanation, you start the game, and idle sometimes.

Back on point, AdVenture Capitalist has the same quality like Clicker Heroes have, but the two game is obviously different. In AdVenture Capitalist there are lots of events, which open new "worlds" for a limited time, where you can get gold, suits, badges with bonuses and so on. Speaking of "worlds" this game has 3 basic "maps" "worlds" planets, earth, moon and mars. The difference between these planets is the time required to max out everything, mars is the fastest, earth is the slowest and moon is between the two.

Plus, there is some kind of mechanism, which you won't use in the begining, but after that, you will easily finish every planet and event.

If you're looking for a really action-packed game, or which has a really good story, gameplay or whatever, this is definetly not your game. This game is for spending a low amount of time if you're not in the mood for anything, or just to chill.

[list]PROS
[*]Good to spend a little time with it
[*]Kind of relaxing
[*]Easy to finish after understanding the mechanism
[*]Pretty good artwork
[*]Lots of event for those who wouldn't like to stop playing it
[/list]
[list]CONS
[*]Gets boring after a while
[*]Once you finished, you're done - if you're not into events
[/list]

Overall: 7/10[/b]
"Introducing AdVenture Capitalist - the game you play while playing other, better games!"
This is accurate.
Don't play this if you have an addictive personality.
AdVenture Capitalist is a grindy addictive little game. It's very simple, but time consuming. If you are wondering why so many people have a lot of "playtime"in this game its because you collect money while you have it running. It actually gives you money even when you are offline, but its nice to have it running so you can upgrade as soon as possible.

This game is actually pretty flat. It doesnt give you much cool stuff, its always just a new grind to yet another unlock. Everytime you level up something it always doubles the amount of cash gain. It's still very addictive for some strange reason. I guess its because people in general just love unlocks and progression in a game, even if it doesnt do much.

This is a free to play game, but doesnt force you to buy anything really. You can buy some things for real money if you wish, but I dont see a reason for doing so, unless you want some cosmetic things. Just let the game play itself and you will have lots of money to spend on new upgrades. 

This looks like it could be a mobile game, but it does not have any microtransation problem as these kinds of games on appstore normally have. Options are good and you can play in window mode with a lot of different resolution options. This game should be possible to run on most computers, and steam cloud is available, which I always appreciate since I own more then one gaming computer.

Its a good game for being free. I dont know if its actually fun, but it sure is addicting. Try it out if you have some time to waste and you wanna feel like you're accomplishing something.
"Honey! I'm home!
"I brought back 3 septillion!"
Wife: "Oh my god! We could solve world hunger! Fund cancer rese-"
You: "Nah. I'm just gonna buy another lemonade stand."
10/10
Girlfriend:What are you playing?
Me: I dunno, some silly game
GF: So what's the point of it?
Me: I don't really know, earn a bunch of money?
GF: And what do you do when you have enough?
Me: I don't know, buy more stuff
GF: But what happens when you run out of stuff to buy.
Me: I don't know
GF: Well is it fun?
Me: I...don't know
GF: Why are you still playing it?
Me: I....don't......know........but I can't stop
"Stu?  What are you doing?"
"Making lemonade."
"It's four o'clock in the morning. Why on Earth are you making lemonade?"
"Because I've lost control of my life."
I started to play this game and I seriously wasn't able to stop for the upcoming three days.

Now after 150 hours running this game I got my last achievement and I'm happy that this horrific episode of my life is over forever.

@Developers: Please stop developing upcoming free updates - I want to continue my branch of study and get rich in real life too.
An in-depth simulation of the characteristics and systematic accumulation in the competitive market of today’s economy, for the modern capitalist.

Remember to kill as many angel investors whenever you can.
I've been playing this game for almost a year now, as it's been on Kongregate, so even though I haven't played the steam version, I must have hundreds of hours invested in this game. I'll give a quick breakdown:

Pros:

*Completely free to play incremental game. It does have store purchases that you can buy with real money, but they aren't necessary for enjoying the game. I did spend some money on the Kongregate version, to buy cash multipliers, but that was months after I started playing the game, and it was just to support Hyper Hippo.

*Progression is very linear. The game is simple to learn, and once you start you'll find yourself advancing rather quickly. 

*Reset bonuses. This has basically become a must for all incremental games, and AdCap does it very well. You get "Angel Investors" every time you reset (after you've earned some that is), and they add bonuses to your cash income. You can also spend them like cash to unlock upgrades to further increase your cash income and multipliers. Be warned that you can spend all of your angels, and lose the bonus they provide!

*Extremely long lasting gameplay. You'll be playing this game for months, even if you play every single day as I did when I started playing. You can play actively or afk, and you'll still progress rather evenly, and it's a lot of fun. I've gotten to "end-game", so I usually check in every few days, do a reset, then get back up to where I was. 

*Constant updates. They had a really dry period a few months ago where we didn't see any new updates, but they've gotten back to making more. They just released a complete "expansion" on the Kongregate version, which is in the early stages and will be seeing more content in the future. They're still not done updating the main version though, so there's a lot more content to come. 

*Offline progress. Pretty straight forward, but some incremental don't have this, so it's worth listing. 

Cons:

*The music will drive you insane, I guarantee it. Click the dude's face in the upper left corner to find the mute button.

*Not much to do once you hit endgame. It'll take an extremely long time to get there, but as I listed in the pros, at the point I'm at, I just log in once every few days, or once a week, and do a reset. It takes maybe 30 seconds to buy all the buildings and get back to where I was. However, this is just being picky for cons, because they do roll out updates to add more progression to endgame. 

So yea, I'm rather surprised that this game is on steam, but if you're thinking about playing it, you basically have no reason not to. It's one of the best incremental games I've ever played, and if you like these kinds of things, you'll be playing it for a very long time. Plus, you can run it in windowed, so you can do other stuff and have it running. 

10/10
Fun time waster.  Money and AI build up even when you're not playing, something I think more games should do.

As long as you understand there's no real point or end to this, its amusing for a while.
Have you ever played Cookie Clicker, and got so addicted to it that you woke up at 3AM to buy more grannies?

If so, stay away from this game. You know what? Don't even just stay away, run. Run as far as you can.
Y'know, I could solve world hunger, give cancer research more money than it would ever need, single-handedly fix the European and American debt crises, but instead, I'm gonna buy another one hundred and thirty-three shrimp boats.
Does Adventure Capitalist need a review? Sure why not; I review everything else on Steam, lets get into it. As with most games like this, there are plenty of unfunny joke reviews that will fill up the front store page for this game so I'm hoping to beat the trend and give some points about the game.

First of all, Adventure Capitalist is a game, about, well capitalism. You are an investor setting out to make your fortune.  This game is very similar to the likes of Cookie Clicker, which first came to fame in 2010, is still a mega popular game today. You start off buying lemonade stands, each click on the lemonade stand generates money, with that money buy another stand, so on and so on. Eventually you have enough money to hire a manager for your lemonade stand. The manager acts as the clicker, so you can leave the game running (or close it down) and you will still generate money. You then work up to other investments following the same pattern, and no sooner have you started, you will soon be a millionaire.  With your millions you can also purchase upgrades to your investments, such as increasing profit by 3% or something similar. 

This is where AC is different to other clicker games, you no longer actually need to spam click in order to make progress, since you have your managers working over time for you. What I really like about AC is that you can close the game down, and you will still be generating money, meaning you can let your funds mount up for a couple of days, log back in, spend it all, and watch your money roll in for a bit, then log out.  

The UI is so brilliantly displayed, you can work your way around all the menus with ease, and you can find all of the information you could ever need either on the main screen or within 2 clicks.  Be warned, this game not only has highly addictive gameplay, the soundtrack is almost just as addictive. Once that song gets in your head, it just will not leave. 

AC is not hard at all, it just seems to be a time-sink, and one that keeps you logging back in on a daily basis. You can see just by the amount of hours I have in this game already just how easy it is to loose yourself in a really simple game. I would say I am not in the game for longer than 15 minutes on a daily basis, but it does keep bringing you back just so you can see what made up number of money you have made over night. 

The developers are always adding new content to this game as well; recently there was an update which allows you to continue making your fortunes on the moon! This runs along side your regular empire back on earth, meaning twice as many investments to manage and oggle at crazy sums of money. 

Given that AC is a free to play game, you have no harm in trying it out. I would say that even if you just load it up every couple of days to check it out, you will still get a lot of enjoyment out of it. There is also an iOS version of the game, but unfortunately it does not link up with your game on Steam; that would of been just too good if it did. Maybe it's a potential possibility in the future. 

I really strongly recommend AdVenture Capitalist; its a simple, yet horribly addictive game, that allows you to pop in and hour of the game with ease for ten minutes at a time. Play in small doses to get the full effect!

1) Stay away
2) Only recommended when on sale
3) Recommended
[u][b]4) Highly recommended[/b][/u]
5) This is a must play

If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at http://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/

http://store.steampowered.com/app/346900/
[h1]I started with a lemon and 100 hours later, I'm a quindecillionaire! [/h1]

[b] Who am I:[/b]

Hi there! My name is Claire, I am 26 years old and from Denmark. I have over 20 years of gaming experience. I do all achievements for the game before I review it. So my review truly reflects a 100% completion of the game.
However it is still my subjective opinion of the game, so take everything I say with a grain of salt. Hope you enjoy!

[b]Gameplay:[/b]

Adventure Capitalist is a very simple game. You start off on Earth with nothing but a measly lemon stand that earns you a couple bucks every time you click on it. As you click on it, you gain more and more money. This money allows you to buy the next source of income, which is a newspaper stand. You then start clicking on that aswell, until you unlock the next source of income. You get the picture.

As you unlock more and more sources of income, you also unlock managers. These managers enable your sources of income to be automatic, so you don't have to click on them anylonger.

As you earn more and more money, you start accumulating Angels. Angels serve the most pivotal mechanic in Adventure Capitalist. Every Angel increases your income by 2% (with upgrades, even more so), but in order to activate your Angels, you will have to start all over from scratch. Restarting might sound like a bad idea at first, but the angels allows you to accumulate more and more income over time. 

Once you get into the game you will be restarting A LOT to keep progressing at a decent pace. The game becomes much more about restarting at efficient timings, than being an actual clicking game.

As you get further into the game you will unlock both the Moon and Mars. The Moon and Mars are seperate economies which work quite differently to Earth. These serve as a decent distraction from Earth, and while Mars didn't take me very long to max out, The Moon was actually longer to complete than Earth was.

[b]Story:[/b]

You play as a greedy capitalist, male or female, out to conquer the entire world! 
Okay, it's a free clicking game guys, there's not going to be a deep story here.

[b]Graphics:[/b]

It's basically just an interface with buttons to click on. Comparing it to something like Clicker Heroes, which is also free, Adventure Capitalist is not as interesting or nice to look at. 

There's basically not much going on graphically in this game.

The Moon, Mars, Earth and the occasional event has different styles to their menus, but that's about all you get for variety graphically in Adventure Capitalist.

[b]Sound:[/b]

There's a different song looping on every planet. It gets very annoying and very monotonus quickly. I turned it off after about 5 minutes.

The songs are however light-heartedly themed, and very self-aware in the sense that it's almost ironic listening to these very happy tunes, as you're raking in fantastical amounts of money. 

Seeing as the game is very simple, I find that game would've been better off with no music and a bigger emphasis on making the actual game menus more attractive and interactive. 

[b]Price:[/b]

You can play the game from start to finish without spending a single penny. The game has an option to let you spend real money on the ingame currency: Goldbars.

The Goldbars allows you to buy multipliers, flux capacitors, time skippers and gear for your "character".
It basically makes you complete the game more quickly, or makes you get past wait times.

I personally spent 10 dollars on the game, mainly to support the game, but also so I could test out the shop for you guys!

It's important to notice that the game gives you daily rewards and milestone rewards in the form of gold bars, so even if you decide not to spend any money on the game, you can still get everything if you're patient.

[b]Conclusion:[/b]

Adventure Capitalist is a very simple clicking game with very few mechanics. You buy sources of income, you buy upgrades, you buy managers, you wait... You use your angels to reset and you do it all over, this time even quicker than the last. The game is undeniably very monotonous and simple.

With that said, I find myself with almost 100 hours played before I finished all the achievements and planets, and I can honestly say I didn't find it boring. Seeing yourself go from 1 buck to absolutely enormous amounts of money is quite addictive. The fact that you have both Mars and The Moon as little side economies helps aswell.

Ultimately, Adventure Capitalist is free and it can be played on a potato, so it makes for a good game to play when you just want to chill out, and I think that is the fundamental nature of clicking games. 

I give Adventure Capitalist: 8 out of 10.

If you enjoy my reviews please thumb up the review - and you're always welcome to add me here on steam :-)
Steps of adventure capitalist. 


1. click lemons.

2. hire someone to click lemons.

3. repeat steps 1-2 with other stuff

4. have everyone clicking stuff for you.

5. uninstall.

6. play other games

7. 3 years later, get bored. 

8. reinstall game.


9. find out all your managers still work when the game is uninstalled.

10. spend a day thinking about what use your 999 octillion dollars have.


11. find out your money is worth nothing.

12. uninstall.

13. repeat steps 7-11 until you just hate the game.
It's a mindless little game, but it still manages to be a lot of fun.
I started playing this on the mobile version, and then I discovered the website version, and now it's on Steam, and it's awesome.

There's something so satisfying about wracking up large numbers. Larger numbers than I had ever previously known, or been able to comprehend. 
So, while you're playing, you'll learn something. :P

It's free. It's worth it to at least check it out. 
Play it a bit. Close it. Go about your life. Some time later, come back and check it out again, and you'll find that you have even more money, that you can use to speed things up.
Earning that next upgrade, buying that next item, it's satisfying. 

And there's already free expansions in development, so there's even more to look forward to.
It is over.

After 2 Years of Mindnumbing grinding, i have completed Adventure Capitalist 100%.

I don't know why i did it.

I don't know where the 782 Hours came from.

Now that my journey with this game ends, I have a gaping hole in my heart, knowing that there is no achievment to unlock anymore. No Upgrade to Buy. No more Resets. No more Managers. No more Lemon Stands and no more Oxygen Bars. 

I don't want it to end.

Please help me.

The light has gone out of my life.
 

A very unqiue and hilarious Free-To-Play game.

The game's description is literally word for word. The game plays it self. And the main objective is simple:

1. Buy Stuff
2. Earn Money
3. Repeat steps 1&2

At some point you can hire managers to 'run' the business for you. Which is all the more hilarious because each unqiue manager is a parody of a real life business moguel. Plus using upgrades which really just enhance sales and don't really do much.


The negatives to this game is really:

There could be a more descrptive tutorial and less repetitive music. 

Actually have us competing against maybe other players or businesses AI from around the world.Make it more fun and interesting rather than just a queuing up game. 

Give us (the players) the ability to customize our character.

Microtransaction (But honestly it's more of a prop than an actual thing because why would you need it? When clearly the game plays  for you both online and offline of steam).
Well there is 200 hours I will never get back. 
Nonetheless, I love these games and Adventure Capitalist is no exception. It's addictive and meets the need for humans to feel like they have accomplished something.

+free, unless you want a gold suit or some power ups
+achievements
+makes you rich

Download at your own risk
I began as a lemon squeezer. The work was hard but honest. Then one day I hired a man to squeeze the lemons for me. I gave him a one-time payment of $1,000 for him to squeeze lemons for me in perpetuity. Now that man makes me more than $1,000 per *second.*

This one man now helms hundreds of lemonade stands. I have not given him one thin dime beyond our original agreement. In fact, you could say that I'm not paying him to squeeze lemons at all. He's paying *me* to sit around and tell him to squeeze faster.

That's capitalism.
This game looks at first sight boring. but somehow it gets fun even if it is super simple and you just buy things and then you cant close the game anymore.. please dont try this game, you will never come away from it! 

- A Sextillionaire


Girlfriend:What are you playing?
Me: I dunno, some silly game
GF: So what's the point of it?
Me: I don't really know, earn a bunch of money?
GF: And what do you do when you have enough?
Me: I don't know, buy more stuff
GF: But what happens when you run out of stuff to buy.
Me: I don't know
GF: Well is it fun?
Me: I...don't know
GF: Why are you still playing it?
Me: I....don't......know........but I can't stop


9/10 It could be on phones :D
About 20 years ago I was walking down the streets as every ordinary people did. All of sudden, I bypassed a fruit store at the roadside of a local company. What astonished me so much was that there was just one lemon covered by possibly toughened glass, glowing and shining. My eyes, they hurt. At that moment, a man who turned out the store keeper later on, walked towards me:

"For years, I had been expecting for, for someone the lemon belonged to, for someone would turn this little golden sh*t into treasure gold. Now, I totally believed in you, since the very moment you stepped in."

The store keeper carefully uncovered the highly protective glass, turning off the invisible laser beams, which were incredible deadly to eradicate any unauthorized personnels. The lemon was very publicly out but no longer glowing. He handed it over to me:

"Take it, and squeeze it, see the magic it will be" 









[url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/346900]Adventure Capitalist[/url], stylized as AdVenture Capitali$t!, and abbreviated as AdCap is an incremental video game developed by Hyper Hippo Productions and published by Kongregate for Windows and on March 30, 2015, for iOS, Android, OS X, Linux and Adobe Flash, and on August 16, 2016 in North America for PlayStation 4. Adventure Capitalist allows players to live like a capitalist, and invest funds into certain products to generate revenue, by starting out with a single lemonade stand. The more revenue generated, the higher the player's cash is. A player can receive an angel bonus when resetting their progress, which provides a boost in all products' revenue for the next progress timeline. A spin-off, AdVenture Communist, was released on Steam on May 2016. It is also made by Hyper Hippo, and is currently in open beta.

There are three areas: Earth, Moon, and Mars. The player starts out on Earth. You start with a single investment: a lemonade stand. Tapping it gives you money overtime. When you earn enough money, you can buy another stand, or a different investment at the cost of more time until the payout. Once the player has purchased the manager for said investment, it will run automatically, which means you can successfully idle, even offline. Upgrades can be spent to add multipliers to any investment.

When the player reaches 1 trillion dollars on Earth, they can start investing in an area. Once invested, said area will unlock in 200 hours, but can be sped up using video advertisements, angel investors/mega bucks, or gold. Gold can be bought via in-app purchase with real money, and can be used for things such as a non-reset way to gain angel investors, instantly earn money for a day's worth of idling, and more. Mega Bucks are bought starting at 1 decillion of an area's currency, and will be multiplied every time by a fixed increment (the game describes this as 'inflation'). When one player has at least 10 Mega Bucks, they can purchase a golden ticket, which when used on a single investment boosts its profits permanently by ×7.77. After one has boosted a whole planet, they will gain an additional ×10 boost, which adds (not multiplied) to ×17.77 multiplier. This multiplier can be upgraded using Mega Bucks.

Since October 2015, players can also play a limited time special event, which usually are around holidays and other annual events, such as Halloween or Black Friday, and occur once every month for several days. These events are like the three main areas, but are only available during that correlated event. If a player reaches at least one of the objectives of that event, they will get a badge shown in the 'Swag & Stats' page. As the player progresses in some events, they may acquire free gold or Mega Bucks based on unlocks, and even a special badge that when equipped can provide investment specific boosts.

Since The Love of Money event update, the 'Swag&Stats' section is now renamed 'Career', with a revamped stats page, support, swag, and news section. Along with this, there now is an option to make your capitalist a female. The Adventure Capitalist update notes for 4.2 state the monthly events will re-occur, with the same past events being in random(?) months of the year. (Specifically, The Love of Money event will reoccur in October, with more gold and Mega Buck rewards for unlocks.)
I honestly did not understand how it was possible to enjoy a game that was basically no more than......clicking the mouse. 

I thought that you'd have to have the IQ of a recently deceased ameoba to find fun, satisfaction and a sense of accomplishment from just......clicking the mouse.

I never considered it possible, and openly laughed at the idea of strategy elements within a game that was just......clicking the mouse.

It saddens my arrogant and narcissistic(I'm the best, and I have the best people, really I'm great) cold, black heart to have to publicly admit* that I could not have been any more wrong. Not even if I had gone out and bought a wilderbeast and kept it in my apartment; I love this game, and its reds in the bed successor.

The beauty and fun of a well made clicker is what makes it seem so wrong, namely the simplicity. Click here, see a number incrementally rise over there. Work towards buying another of that item or, if the time's right, buying your first of the next, more lucrative item.

Now I'm sure most of you already know that - it's not your first clickeo, right?

Where I think AdCap really stands out from the massive clicker herd is the fact that it's grounded in a kind of semi-reality setting. All you're doing is scratching that dirty capitalist itch, that desire to ACQUIRE; those fellas from Star Trek with the ears and the libido would LOVE AdCap.

I played the game for a while before I realised I was rubbish at it. Seriously, I was clicking in all the wrong places at all the wrong times. I only really found this out when I took part in one of the "events".

Events take place every few weeks or so and are a way to turn your enjoyment of the game into something else altogether. Before my first event I had the game running in the background as I did something else on the PC, dipping in and out of the game to spend my earnings acquired whilst I was away, having a mad couple of minutes clicking away if I was close to being able to afford a large purchase.

Once I joined my first event, this little now and then distraction turned into a full blown obsession....for a little while anyway. I quickly realised that I was falling so far behind so many players in the massively multiplayer clickfest and became disheartened(aw, poor me). 

I already knew that you could buy your way to faster success with items purchased from the in-game shop that would boost your earning, substantially in some instances. 

So, I stopped bothering with the event and put my abject failure down to the fact that others were shelling out REAL money(that'll be the narcissism kicking in) to aid in their quest for AdCap Cap, if you know what I mean. Now there was no way I was going to pay to increase the speed numbers tick up on a page....OK, that's a lie; truth be known, I nearly did put my hand in my pocket. So I stopped bothering about the event and carried on with the other parts of the game, the solo, neverending parts.

A few weeks later and another event rolled around. This time there was an added part to the event that wasn't in the solo game(each event is constructed so that it modifies in some way the route to success, it's pretty clever) and I wasn't quite sure how it worked, so I took a look at the discussions and what I saw nearly blew my red braces off(Wall St, anyone?).

Contained within were discussions centred around mathematical theories and strategies for the fastest growth rate. I had honestly never considered AdCap in any kind of intellectually advanced way; I just clicked, bought, clicked, bought, got to where I could earn whilst AFK and repeated in the main. WHAT A DUMMY!

Whilst the main solo games are less focused on a need to maximise growth rate, and thus don't NEED an in-depth analysis of the best route to success, the beauty of the events lies in both their time-limited and competitive nature. Couple this with the fact that each one modifies the game's economic mechanics in a different way and you have a wonderful platform for planning and refining your strategy as you go. This is further added to by the fact that you don't know exactly how the game has been modified when you start an event and there's an early part where you are clicking and observing the effect, noting it for further enhancement of your strategy. It's great fun.....even if you lose, which I did....always!

So, I haven't explained how the game works and what the features are, the different things you can buy etc...and I'm not going to. I wanted to explain to you how the game sucks you in, rewards you for smart play and punishes you for being an economic dummy. I want you to discover the features that combine to create a game that will make you think and plan ahead, mostly in the events.

Try it out....after all, it is free.....which is odd when you consider it's all about boshing for dosh or being keen for the green. And don't be put off by the fact that you can purchase ways to enhance your progress; you can do just fine without, so long as you think about it and don't dismiss it as a pay to win game alone.

Oh, and have fun.......go on, have a click or three.

* See, THAT'S how much I enjoyed playing this game....I didn't really have to admit anything, yet here I am spilling all my shameful secrets(well, some) in public just to give AdCap its fair dues.
- Lifetime Simulator
- Get rich or never die trying Simulator
- Don`t waste time playing games Simulator
- Let the games play for you Simulator
- Achievement Simulator
- How to run a successful Business Simulator
- Get the feeling you play a game Simulator even you don`t play Simulator
- All in all an amazing Idle Simulator
- Would buy for free again Simulator

Squeeze 10 lemon`s and get 10 Billion`s!

A super silly idle game that is not quite that fun or fresh, but you keep coming back and making money anyway! Spend everything, wait, spend some more, acquire angels, reset everything to 0, repeat for months! The devs actually let me import my browser game that oh, idk, been playing for the last 7 months, thank bajeezus, so kudos to them and their great support staff! Beware of the upcoming space update, it is not to be taken lightly.
Easily one of the best and most addictive incremental games out there. Everything addictive about it has been brought over from kongregate; the well balanced prices, the graphics and how long it takes to you to 'finish'.

But now, it's on Steam. So now it's even MORE addicitive. To know how many hours you've logged and THE ACHIEVEMENTS. If new content is released for this as often as its browser version, I'll be playing this for stupid amounts of time.

There's only one real con I can give this Steam release version. It crashes rather often. After leaving it on for more than a few hours, it'll give random errors then crash, sometimes just lagging all the animations out first before doing so.
There's always money in the banana stand! Or rather, the lemonade stand.
The manager names are always a good laugh and worth checking out on their own even if this type of game isn't your thing.
[h1]I Put over 400 hours into it and many months and completed all the planets.

It was satisfying all the way up to this point but not worth playing anymore. OK game for free.

4.0 update out, here's the gist.
They actually did it, the absolute madmen.
After approximately a year of user complaints about the game not being beatable... it's beatable. Fancy that.
I've had this game since 2.0 added the moon. If you're into idle games, where progression is more of a daily thing than an hourly one, this game is for you. Especially if you like capitalism.
[h1]Selling points:[/h1]
[list]
[*]Idle gameplay
[*]Basic prestige system (profit multiplier)
[*]Uninvasive microtransactions (game is beatable, i.e. not cosmically slow, with relatively little difficulty using in-game mechanics)
[*]More transparency as to what purchases with gold actually do
[*]Three distinct 'planets' on which to earn money
[*]Monthy events to keep players interested
[*]Charming 1950's/early 1960's aesthetic
[*][strike]Witty[/strike] puns
[*]COMMIES GET OUT REEEEEEE
[/list]
[h1]Hindrances:[/h1]
[list]
[*]The developers have a bad track record of making unbalanced monthly events and not patching them/patching them when they're almost over. Additionally, it took them about a year to fix the balancing on Earth. However, they have recently taken steps to improve communications and transparency with the Steam community, and appear to be more actively making changes to improve the player experience then they ever have before.
[/list]
Estimated time sink for this game: 6 months - 1 year, more if you're a neurotic psychopath (like me) who really likes it when numbers go up
DISCLAIMER: This game is not an accurate simulation of capitalism.
A lot of people giving the negative reviews seem to only care about "beating" the game. I just like the fact that a glass of lemonade costs 7.5 quadrillion dollars and that they're gold plated.
Watching my $$$ multiply faster than Running Debt clock and listening to "For the love of money" by The O'Jays at the same time is the greatest thing ever.


11/10 Waste of my time
132 hours of idle time was all it took to beat this game 100%. Earth, Done. Moon? Done. Even mars. All complete. 

The use of microtransactions aside, this is the classic idle game. Spend money to make money, using digital properties and business platforms in this simplistic number growing simulator. I found going from the most pricy to the cheapest properties made the most gain. As you earn income, you collect angles which can be used to purge and re-write progress for a bonus. Use mega-bucks and gold bars to progress in growth. All can be earned in-game.

This little title gives you 3 areas to defeat and will have events usually weekly with its own unique themes and twists. Steam achievements, badges and leader rankings allow you to continue pumping those huge capitalist bucks. You have to idle a lot on this title, waiting is key unless like me, you pay to win everything. Even here. 

Please do not add more achievements XD
Pay to Win Changes.  Microtransaction Greedy Company.  Ruined a Good Game.
The game has changed a lot.  When I started playing it I would have highly recommended it.  Not anymore.  The company is completely obsessed with getting money through microtransactions.  The entire game changed to maximize the microtransactions.  Unless you want to pay oodles of money, stay away.  I'll discuss it further if you'd like to understand better before getting involved.

Game play:
The actual game is fun as an idle clicker.  There are three different investment paths you could play as well as live events with badge rewards for completing them.  There are slow periods and it can take a while to finish if you aren't that active with the game. 

Here's where it went wrong:
They changed the live events to be competitive with leader boards and offer "rewards" to the top players.  This has changed everything.  Even if you try to ignore the live events your main game now suffers dramatically.  The only way to make you play better in a live event is to buy different types of boosts with gold.  Gold is/was given through regular game play.  Most importantly, you can buy gold with cash (the microtransactions).  If you can't see how this is going... keep reading.

Changes:
You once got daily rewards for logging in that gave you a very small amount of the in game currency (gold or mega bucks).  This was to make up for the Kongragate users getting these free for watching ads.  They've removed the feature in steam (without warning anyone) because they no longer want to give you gold as they want you to buy it instead.  Remember, gold is used in buying boosts in the game and most notably the live events for competition.

When you complete your main game path (Earth) which can take from 4 months of constant playing to years of casual playing, you are given a gold reward once if you reset Earth and started all over from scratch.  The reward was 5,000 gold.  I, along with so many others, got this reward.  Suddenly, without warning, this was change to 500 gold.  They claim that the 5k was just too much gold and people could compete unfairly in the live events.  This is actually inaccurate, as I'll explain later.

Live events have changed as well.  When I started playing they lasted a week and you could complete the event without using gold as long as you did tend to the management in a somewhat timely basis.  Some of them were fun and required strategy.  They were held about once a month around holidays or the like.  When they started adding the leader board stuff they began playing the events almost constantly and replaying recent events.  They also started making them shorter so you absolutely had to spend gold to finish them.  They were ramming then down our throats trying to get those microtransactions.  

Leader boards are a joke.  I had the 5k gold, finished all aspects of the game several times over again, so I could spend the gold on the events.  Spending 100 gold and sitting there constantly playing for the entire time would mean I would rank around the 2k mark.  You actually had to be active for about 24 hours a day to keep up with the game to hold on to the 1k position.  I forgot about the game for half a day and dropped to 6k rank.  One of the reduced time events I decided to dump a couple hundred gold to see how it would go, 1k with playing constantly.  In order to place in the top 100 you would have to spend all 5k free gold and monitor the game straight without take sleep breaks and then you still might not be able to do it.  500 gold reward from completing Earth is a slap in the face if 5k won't cut it.

There's rampant cheating in the leader boards.  There is no way anyone can legitimately compete.  From using autoclickers to apparently (it's been written about but I don't know) tweaking the time on your computer you can fool with the system there is unfairness in the leader boards.  There's other things that cause you to wonder about the legitimacy of it like the names on the leader boards are highly suspicious, when you should get a big boost on the leader board but stay in the exact same rank, or when the game just starts and the top ranked has so much that it would be impossible to get.

Why it matters to the casual player:
You cannot actually compete in the events and will struggle more to complete the regular games.  They made it even harder for those who just want to relax with the game with their gold changes.  You are forced to spend gold on live events now to finish them.  However, they have cut the gold you can get through playing the game.  It makes it so much harder for the new casual player to get anywhere.  Live events give badges with the last badge for finishing the event being a multiplier for the regular game.  You need to collect the badges to help your normal game progression.  If you can't complete the live event your game suffers.  

Gold is used in the regular games for boosts that dramatically help your game progression.  Having the daily rewards removed means you can no longer help your game along.  You will get a bit of gold through playing, but you now have to save that for the events that have the badges that you need.   Even if you finish Earth you no longer have enough gold to buy the different object to help your games on resets.

Basically, Hyper Hippo has said screw you casual users we only want super competitive wealthy microtransaction buying players.  I used to praise this company and play all their games.  I have stopped playing every single one of them for various reasons, but this particular game and what they did was egregious.
Devs changed the Earth to be unwinnable so they could keep people spending money on their new updates.  Supposedly they have been fixing it for 8+ months.  It would literally take them changing a couple of numbers around.  They aren't fixing it.  It was was a fun clicker/idle game until they purposely ruined it to keep money going to their "event" updates.

Too bad.
ETA: In the comments, there has been so far one trustworthy-sounding person who has finally completed the game after a year of playing and only after recent updates to the game. So It may be possible that the game has changed now, and some information in this review is now false. I'm not going to bother checking at this point because I still think the game is slow and boring and made solely to leech off people who get addicted and want to buy content instead of waiting a whole year to progress. But at least it's possible at this point. The original review follows (sorry for the escape characters; Steam added them on its own and I don't care to fix them at this point):

This game is a scam. I\'m sad to say this because I did enjoy the game for a while. But I think like many people, I played the game for a long time before realizing that eventually you get to a point in which progressing is literally impossible.

I don\'t mean that progressing gets tedious and you\'re pretty much forced to choose between paying money for the game or doing something incredibly dull for a long time to feel like you didn\'t waste your effort getting to that point.

I mean that the game becomes literally unwinnable. You can\'t get all the achievements or in-game collectibles/purchases. Even if you pay real money on the game. Even if you spent over $1000 of the game, you will become literally unable to progress. Many people have done the math and it takes something like 30,000,000 years to complete the game. Of real-time. So unless you are immortal and honestly think this game is going to be around that long along with Steam and achievements, you\'re not going to finish it. Ever. And it seems like the developers are really reluctant to own up to this.

Many people have mental disorders or are just otherwise weak-willed and will get addicted to games like this and feel obligated to spend money. The fact that the developers make it so no matter what the game ends up impossible to progress and you can never reach your goals is just gross. They are well aware of the problem and just don\'t care. They make excuses and pretend like they\'ll eventually fix it but they never have. I can\'t express how horrible I think this is.

I don\'t care that it\'s free. Do not download this game.
Don't install.  Don't play.  If already installed, uninstall immediately and post a review.

After a couple hundred hours in the game, the devs changed the requirements for in-game items.  They moved the goal post on us without warning.  Not cool, but not the worst thing they could do, right?

After over 600 hours in game, they did the worst.  They took things you've already earned in the game and want you to repurchase...   What do we do?

If you're cool with this behavior, keep playing and do your thing.  If you find this behavior bad, write a review and uninstall or don't install at all.  The power is yours.
A popular circle jerk people have is how hard the Water Temple is to beat in The Legend of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time. The many different rooms and levels one must complete to pass the level is astounding. While although difficult to complete - The Water Temple can be beaten and the game may progress. Hyper Hippo - on the other hand - decide to make their game, Adventure Capitalist, nearly impossible to beat unless you either spend a horrendous amount of money or alternatively wait literally thousands of years (DiMono, 2015). 

This game is free, mildly addicting and fun to SOME extent. You can see how you progress and can look forward to the events that come around once a month. But that's all it really is, just click around a few times a day and grind until the event comes around. After a while of waiting, the game becomes really dull.

But there is something really good about it - it's nature is true to the core. If you've never been to a casino, go to one now and look at the Pokie machines. Look at how many people waste their money away on it without any gain in return. That's what Hyper Hippo is doing to their players, latching them on and draining their wallets to a game next to impossible to complete. They're telling you that you're the ironic greedy capitalist. But, in the end, that's their job.

2/10 - I spent $0 on this game and still feel robbed.

[url=https://steamcommunity.com/app/346900/discussions/0/487870763318777936/] Source[/url]
Stay away.

This game started out good, but at this point it's just a scam. It is impossible to complete it without cheating, but you're still encouraged to spend real money to speed up your progress. The devs made this change many many months ago, they just keep acknowledging that they know about the problem, and they keep doing nothing. Many/most players, including myself, are now convinced that the devs have no intention of ever making the game finishable and instead are counting on new players spending money to speed up their progress before realizing they've been scammed. If you look at the other reviews, you'll see that it's working.

What's more, there are time-limited events in the game. These started out easy to complete, but have gradually progressed to requiring real money to get anywhere. On its own, this wouldn't be terrible, but the devs keep insisting that it's just a balance issue and that they test the events to make sure they can be completed. They're lying to our faces and that's completely unacceptable.

Don't give these lying scumbags any of your money. Ever.

And don't give this game any of your time either, it's not worth it. What enjoyment you get out of the early stages is quickly superceded by by an annoying addiction.
As much as i love the game i have to change my vote from positive to negative. I've been patient, waited more than a half year for a fix to late Earth, but enough is enough. The devs clearly dont want the game to be finishable. They make events instead, because thats more profit for them.
Thank you HyperHippo, you showed me what not to do with post-release updates. You've started well, and I liked the game concept. Then Moon came out. Moon was abysmal, boringly slow and pretty much shyt. Then Moon got fixed! Yay that's a +1 for you guys, but at the same time you broke Earth in such a way it's still not fixed by now, this was like 8 MONTHS ago.

Now don't come tell me you're "working on fixing it", I can see through all the PR BS that you try to spill on your guillible fanbase. Don't say you're working on fixing Earth when you fixed the Moon in like a month and it's ok now, you just really don't care about if Earth is completable or not. Everytime there's an update, it's either a new event that people like me don't give a crap about by now, and pretty much no tweaks or even news on Earth upgrades. Most annoucements just say something like "Earth is getting fixed, so stay tuned!", yeah sure, if I was gonna believe that and you were honest about your words, this game would have been completable half a year ago.

That new 7777.77x thing that just got out? That makes it faster right? Sure, now it should only take like 10^8 years, be sure to check in the game in 28th April 20.160.00.00.000 to complete Earth. Hell, you even announced your new game without even fixing your first one. I'll bet Earth won't be fixed even after that one comes out, and to be honest, no one would play your game if people cared about your greedy attitude.

Then again, you've always wrote about how you care about your fans, how you thank the community for the support and ideas. I know what you want from the community, Megabucks. Not the in-game ones though. Have fun not getting a cent from my wallet. It doesn't matter by now if Earth is completable or not, the way of dealing with the whole situation is something I won't be forgetting, neither tons of people by now, so no I won't remove this review if everything becomes fixed. Now bring on the review dislikes, I really don't care by now
So I've been thinking about this recently, and I think this game might be evil. Not just Adventure Capitalist, but the entire clicker / incremental game genre.

While this is not the only genre that makes use of the Skinner Box to keep players going, it may be the only one to use it to the exclusivity of everything else (such as, for instance, a game). Some RPGs push their Skinner Box rewards to the point where it is debatably the only reason anyone plays the game, but even those maintain some semblance of a game build around their pellet dispenser.

At its heart, Adventure Capitalist is a game about watching bars fill up, with associated values increasing each time the bar reaches its apex. I say heart, but that's the only organ this game has. You watch bars fill up. Ostensibly each bar represents the dividends from different businesses, but in the end they are just identical bars with a different icon next to each. Other planets and holidays offer bars that fill at different speeds or have some kind of gimmick, but they too are just non-interactive bars.

If I were just reviewing this game in comparison to others in the genre, I might be tempted to throw a thumbs up at it. The aesthetic is fairly charming, the pacing of the bars is relatively well-thought out, and it doesn't feel as outwardly cynical as a lot of these clicker games. However, this genre as a whole should be avoided at all cost. It eats time that you will never get back, and at the end you were not so much a participant as an addict. It is possible to take the general premise of this genre and do something worthwhile with it, but this game doesn't even come close to that.

For your own sake, avoid this and any other clicker game. I'm a little sickened that I fell for it for so long.
This was a great idle game. Sadly, developers broke it about 8 months ago, meaning that the first planet, Earth, is currently not possible to complete even if you used billions of real money and you used hundreds of years to play it.

Instead of fixing this huge problem, developers are just adding new micro-transactions and similar new content while ignoring the Earth rebalancing totally, and community as well.

This game should be removed from Steam.
Do not waste time on this game unless you are only after achievements (expect to spend a lot of time getting them all) or have way too much spare cash!

All the hours I have in this game were before the recent changes brought about in version 5.3.  You no longer get 5000 gold for completing Earth (a daunting task to start with, especially if playing without pay-to-win) - this has been reduced to 500.  Daily sign in rewards are gone.  Events happen every other day and can't be completed without spending a lot of gold to increase return rates (this has been going on for a while now).  The events also apparently have players from other platforms and players with unbelievablly high leaderboard rankings straight after the event begins (another ongoing annoyance since leaderboards were added).  The only way to gain any kind of resources is to get ranks in the leaderboards so you can guess how much a waste of time that is.  And, to add insult to injury, there is now a cap on how many Megabucks (another resource you have to work or pay for) you can get on Earth before it suddenly says "INFINITY".

Don't waste your time once you have the achievements.  Even then, there are only 31 and the time required to get them gets pretty boring without any of the other incentives being in the game anymore.
The amount of hours I've played is no joke.
This game is quite fun until you reach end-game for Earth- it's impossible to get the last few achievements without purchasing power-ups. It's to the point where it takes roughly three weeks to buy a single item now, with no upgrades even remotely in reach.

End-game needs balancing. Until then, I cannot recommend.
Advertised as free2play but even if you don't buy any IN-Game 'goodies'  youre gonna pay with plenty of your time. If you decide to pay money for progress, this game could be easily become more expensive than topsellers like GTA or Fallout. AC is a very addictive game like a digital drug. It has achievements but no matter how much money you are willing to pay - it can't completed since it is broken since May 2015. Of course, developers falsely advertise the contrary in order, of course, to grab more real-live money from impatient users.

Strongly NOT recommended !!!
The game itself is fine, but the developer's dishonesty or disconnect with reality have removed all the satisfaction from the game. 

I would avoid anything made by this developer in the future. They took a very simple concept and monetized it, unfortunately this business model has required them to make some of the content years to complete even with microtransactions. The developer continues to promise that the fix is "coming soon".
Don't start, if you like to get things finished. 

The main game is broken. After a certain point the game is getting unplayable because of it's slowness.
Some Players used math and cheat testing to show that the game is not completable in a lifetime of being. That's more than six months in the past.

Unfortunately the Developers do fokus on creating side-events instead of fixing the game. 
Don't get it. Monetarisation > user experience.
It is physically impossible to complete the achievements for this game, because you will die millions of years earlier than it takes to complete. Your time will be better spent jerking off into a watermelon.

That's not an exaggeration, by the way - it will actually take millions of years to 100% this game in its current state, and melon masturbation is a much better use of your time. In fact, some of the achievements don't even work - better enlist someone to help with that wanking.

Here's how the game works: you click on a lemonade stand to earn money from it, and you keep doing that until you have enough money to buy another lemonade stand. Then you keep doing it some more until you can afford the next investment, and you can buy managers to click on the investments for you so you don't have to keep the game open at all times. And that's good, because it means the game will continue earning money for you when it's not open. So basically, the game is an exercise in economical masturbation.

When you have enough money, you can reset to gain angel investors. Each one adds (at the start) 2% to your income, so if you have 50 your income is doubled, at 100 it's tripled, and so on. The standard strategy is to do your first reset at about 150 angels, and then to reset again every time you double them. Because of how they're generated, the more of them you have, the more money it takes to get the next one.

And therein lies the problem: you see, once you have enough angels, it takes [i]years[/i] to double them, and then it will take [b][i]more[/i] years[/b] to double them the next time. And you won't be anywhere [i]close[/i] to earning the last achievement when that happens. Look through the game's discussion pages, someone ran the game with a robot for 7 million years and didn't get anywhere [i]near[/i] the 20th achievement.

The developers are wilfully blind to this situation, and instead of fixing the game so that it's possible to get the achievements, they're adding more stuff that the game's not yet ready for. Like the moon, where you hit the same 5-years-to-double problem at a tiny fraction of the angels it takes on Earth, but the final investments you need cost orders of magnitude more than on Earth.

Of course, you can also spend real money to get perks within the game, as is the model for free to play games, but you're only delaying the inevitable - you will eventually hit the impossible to progress stage, and your money will literally have been thrown away for nothing.

Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go punish a watermelon.
This game seems to be scamming new players into micro-transactions, unaware that no matter how much money they spend on this 'free' game they can never complete it. I enjoyed playing it when it was first released but now the game is broken and it's literally (and I do mean literally) not possible to complete the 'Earth' level in a human lifetime, it would take trillions of years to complete. Steam need to remove this from the store.
This game is now a blatant scam.

Having people pay real $ to help complete a game you cannot complete is the definition of a scam.

Dev's are spitting in the community's face.
It's simple, it's addictive, but past that there's nothing. Once you're hooked in progress grinds to a halt, and unless you're willing to pay (or cheat), you won't reach anywhere near the end.
Look, we all know what sort of game this is. The topic of clicker games has been beaten to death. This is another clicker game. It adds one new mechanic, but I won't be discussing it here, since if you've played a clicker game, you already know roughly how this one will play.

[b]Instead, let me tell you about the part you don't know about:[/b] the extent to which the developer team apparently holds their player base in utter contempt.

They designed the game to literally take weeks of effort to beat while engaging in optimal gameplay (as my played time indicates). Fair enough. They added the Moon as an extra area. Seemed like a neat idea, but it ended up being an utter and complete slogfest, taking literally weeks just to get the first major unlock that was necessary, with nothing else happening in the meantime. Everyone saw it for the blatant money grab it was, hoping we would all pay to win, but it was always an optional area, so I was content to ignore it.

Likewise, when they pushed out a buggy update to enable Steam Cloud syncing and ended up destroying save files containing weeks of playtime for a number of players, I was okay with forgiving them for a poorly tested update, since I had a backup file and was able to restore from it on my own. And bugs happen. I get that. Though seriously, they should have caught it in testing.

The straw that finally broke the camel's back for me was back on Earth, the main area in the game. See, they have had Steam achievements from the beginning, including one called "Unlock Everything" that would be achieved when you unlocked everything on Earth. When I started this game many weeks ago, there were 498 things to unlock on Earth. It remained that way up until the first batch of people started to get Unlock Everything, when suddenly and without any warning the goalposts were moved, an extra 128 items were added, several more weeks of playtime were now necessary to reach the achievement, and presumably there was much gnashing of teeth from people in my position as they considered whether or not it was worth it to pull out their credit card so that they could pay to win and finally make the game go away.

Well, screw that. There's another way to make it go away. Delete local content and never consider anything from these devs again.

Am I venting? Yes. But had I known how little regard I'd be shown as a player when I went in, I never would have downloaded it in the first place. If I can save someone else from that, I'll be happy.
this game will make you feel depressed and worthless as it constantly rewards you for nothing. totes recommending to uninstall it if you get sucked in.
Despite the simple idea (Clearly inspired by other clicker games, such as cookie clicker.) Adventure Capitalist somehow took away over 100 hours of my life.


However it quickly becomes clear that after a few hours that you have to obtain mass sums of money, just to buy a few upgrades or even a handful of the actual investments. Ah, but here's where they get you. Despite being "free to play" you cannot even begin to expect to unlock all of the achievements in the game without buying these so called "gold bars" which of course serve to earn you more money.


The way I see it, don't waste your time. Your end fate will be to spend money.
In its current state it is not possible to complete this game - even if you buy stuff for thousands of $$$.
It's quite said, because otherwise its a cool game to play here and there. Events are nice, but done pretty fast. 

[b]Still - not possible to complete the first planet and therefore not possible to get 100%.[/b]
It's fun for a little while, but the late game is horribly balanced, causing the game to take trillions of years to complete. Instead of doing something about this, the devs bask in the money made from their microtransactions while making false promises and lying about the state of the game. I don't know who they think they're fooling, but the current state of this game is absolutely unacceptable and I will not leave a positive review until it is fixed. This game is little more than a scam for those who are easy to spend their money, not much unlike Candy Crush.
I finished Mars ages ago, why the fuck is it locked behind a paywall?
Also I needed to pay opening up the Moon again.

Stuff like that shouldn't happen, even in F2P
