This is truly the greatest online shooter of all time. I remeber the first time I ever played this game, it was August of 2004 on a  tuesday. My wife had just left me. After I had lost my job my wife said that she couldn't love a failure so she ran off to another state and took the children with her. I felt I needed an escape from the sheer pain of my situation. I thought that going to my local bar would help drown my sorrows. As I stepped into the building, the bar tender, Big John Joe ( I have no idea if that was his real name) noticed my dower state and asked how the situation was going. I told him it wasn't going well, that I didn't have enough money to sue for custody and that I was considering suicide. Worried, he told me of a way possibly make some quick cash. He told me about this game called DeathMatch classic. He said that with enough practice I could get good enough to win prize money from tournamets and maybe even get a sponsorship. So thats what I did, I played for months. Day in and day out, I would play DeathMatch classic until I got good enough to get into tournaments. I played fairly well, getting fourth place. I did even better during my next locals placing second and then eventually first. It was strange I had gotten fairly good so quickly, it was almost like DeathMatch classic and I were connected in some way. Anyway, I got sponsored by Sprite, their rep told me that "I knew all the tricks." With the sponsorship along with the tournament prize money, I was able to sue for custody and have a chance at getting my children back. It was long and painful court battle, but eventually I won. The victory was even more amazing than any game of DeathMatch classic. My children are now in college and I feel content both as a father and as a man. All because of one game, DeathMatch classic.
Deathmatch Classic ─ a love story.

There it was. The last DMC server on earth. With last two players.
They were fighting to win. One versus one. Head to head.
They were winning their own small victories. Their score was close, they were the best.
And after playing for so long they grew attached to each other.
The player one really started to like player two, but he didn't know how to express his feelings.
After 3 kills in the row, player one decided to write a message in chat: "Hey, you're a really good player!"
To which he recived no answer. He waited. He though to himself - "Maybe player two dosen't know how to use the chat... or maybe they didn't see it, or or they migh not want to reply?" The player one felt empty. He never got an answer from his opponent which he liked so much.
So he just though "I'm just gonna play and beat the player two (the player two was 3 frags ahead.) and then we'll see if he wants to talk to me..."
After hours of fragging the player one was really attached to played two, infact he loved him. But after a while player one though "Thats it! I have been playing for too long, I should go get some food." Before leaving he though "I'll just add player two into my friends list, maybe we will be able to play together later."
But then the unpredicted happened.
He was about to add player two to his friends list, but he couldn't find him. Not on "currently playing with" nor in steam community search box. But then he realisted the reason the player two didn't respond, the reason he could not find him anywhere. The reason was that the player two was actually a bot. A simple AI creature made by server owner to keep the server alive.
The player one was shattered into pieces. The person he loved, the person he was so attached to. It was only a bot. A soulless creature that had one goal ─ kill.
He left the server in anger and uninstalled DMC.
So there it was the last DMC player had left the game. Forever.
The game was empty with one server and a bot. A bot running around looking for something to kill, but he could not satisfy his needs, he could not kill anyone, because nobody was there. The bot was frogotten as the game.
So there he was. Alone.
There are two different types of people who own this game:

1. "I used to play this game all the time back in the day!"

2. "I got it in the Valve Complete Collection."
Best playerbase I have ever met. Everybody is so nice and never flames me. Good quailty servers that are always up. Pls buy this game. I want to play with somebody.
Deathmatch classic is valves tribute to Good old Quake. If you have ever played quake, you know where you going. Deathmatch classic is Really fast paced online shooter, People running around map shooting each others with rocket launchers and Spammin  Miniguns. Deathmatch classic is also typical valve game , it dont have single player. And thats the biggest problem on this game, It nearly never has any players playing it.  But when you do find server with some players, oh boy Let the fun begin.   
Overall, the gameplay is really nice, and this game is awesome for some sort hectic battles. but its weaknes is lack of players.  
But still, i can recomend this, but dont expect to find players easily on this game
Deathmatch Classic is Valve's praise on Quake. It's basically Quake rerendered in the GoldSource (Basically still the Quake engine) engine. It adds in a few half life textures, and the open source and infinite maps possibility, but overall, it's just Quake. Very fun and addictive. I definitely prefer HL DM Source though. The community, kind of isn't there, but you can probably find a server with 5-10 people on there at the right times.
Frag frag frag frag frag *dead* *instant respawn*

Though this is the game in a nutshell, it never gets old. The nostalgia, the sounds, the weapons, the rocket jumping... it's all so awesome. Half-Life and Quake's love child is definetly worth what you pay for it. 10/10
Unironically the best game on the Goldsrc Engine in my opinion, if only because it's a recreation of the unbeatable and timeless Quake by id Software. 

I strongly recommend giving this game a shot, even if its predecessor to which it's trying to imitate is vastly superior, DMC is still worth a visit. The classic gameplay is solid, the maps are beautiful depictions of decrepit castles and facilities that are fun to get lost wandering through, and the barebones playerbase of random people who found this simply from it being bundled with Counter-Strike is sure enough going to ensure an interesting encounter every time you play.

Though only a handful of servers remain, there's still plenty of fun to be had. Even if you can't find any human opponents, several servers still feature computer-controlled bots that are surprisingly challenging at times given the situation. 

Is this worth $4.99? Probably not (unless you're like me and this kind of thing fascinates you), you could get Quake 1 for that same price, but should DMC be overlooked? Not at all, it's a lovely recreation of an already perfect game on a more accessible and readily available engine with a higher chance of meeting a human opponent than the original due to how it's easier to set up on a modern system.

I give this game a 9.5/10, with the 0.5 being docked for how clunky rocket-jumping can be at times. I can't tell you how difficult it is to rocket-jump up the mid area in dm3 here compared to the original Quake, it just doesn't work the same.
Deathmatch Classic

It is like quake, old fps game. This is really fun game. Only bad thing is it has so little players nowdays. You might get a good game every now and then. If you liked hl and quake, you should try this. 

Grade for this: 9/10
Deathmatch Classic was a mod for Half-Life created by Valve software alongside others like Team Fortress Classic and Day of Defeat. Unfortunately it was never as popular as some of the others and quietly faded back into obscurity.

DMC is essentially a remake of the multiplayer component of Quake 1 using Half-Life's particular GoldSrc engine. Including remade versions of Quake 1's various weapons, such as the nailgun, super shotgun and rocket launcher. It uses a lot of Half-life's assets like multiplayer models, textures and sprites. And at the same time attempts to mimic Quake's physics. Allowing players to also bunnyhop and strafejump. They also remade several of Quake 1's deathmatch maps and included them with the game.

Now all of this was great. Although Deathmatch Classic released at around the same time as Quake 3 and Unreal Tournament. As a result the community didn't really gravitate towards it as much as Valve would have liked, seeing it as a little outdated and more of a novelty.  

Playing it today you can see some general upsides to Deathmatch Classic. It uses Steam's server browser and has mods for bots. So it is rather easy to setup a game of classic Quake deathmatch with someone online. But the playerbase is extinct, and as a result it's just another relic in Valve's catalogue
This game is actually quite fun! The problem is that it's a dead game so no one is playing it which mean you'll have to play with your friends which explains the number of hours I spent on this game...




Ha get it? :P
[h1] The Most Obscure Valve Game... And It Is FUN [/h1] 

Deathmatch Classic, what is it? Its Quake's multiplayer in the Goldsrc engine, and thats it.

All of Quake's weapons have been reskined and look awesome. very high res. DMC also has a few but good maps, also we get into the main problem with DMC, The population.

No One Plays This Game

I was the only one on the game, playing with bots, i also found 2 other people playing on that same server so nice.

Overall Deathmatch classic is a great little steam sale pick up, when its on sale you can get for a dollar. 8/10
Abandoned
All
Abroad

its unfortunate, i once got to play one match with 7 other people, it was one of my favorite moments of 2017.
truly unfortunate what direction games have taken these days
Half Life 1’s GoldSrc engine is a modified version of ID’s Quake Engine. Where ID revolutionised the FPS genera with it’s full 3D engine and popular multiplayer component, Valve’s success with a Half Life 1 and Counterstrike arguably eclipsed ID’s title. Being the good sports they are, Valve remade Quake’s original ground breaking death match in their engine as a homage to the developers who built the FPS genera from the ground up.

Nine Inch Nailgun out of Ten
Gameplay - 10/10
Sound 10/10
Graphics - 10/10
Maps - 10/10
Weapons - 10/10
Character Customization - 10/10
Players - 2/10

Seriously, this game needs more players. Now it only consists of 3 different kinds of players. 1. DMC veterans who have played the game for years, 2. people who got it with the Valve Complete Pack or Counter-Strike 1 Anthology who just wanted to try it out and will (probably) never play it again and 3. people like me who just like the game. Please I reccomend you to atleast try this game, it's a lot of fun and needs more players. If you like Quake or Half-Life (multiplayer) then you'll definately enjoy this. It only has around 3~ players in-game during the week and 4-6 (sometimes higher if there's a specific group of people playing) on Friday and Saturday.
This game is a masterpiece!
I'm very glad that I participated in the Reddit event who brought a few more active players to this game.
The sad thing is, that it has a very low player base compared to the other old Valve games (cs 1.6, TFC and HLDM)
This game definetly needs more players. Pick it up and let's start kiling each other! xD
EDIT: Rocket Launcher OP AF XDDD
I really miss this game.  I wish there were some people that still played this. However the grapple mod really killed this game. 

I recommend it but it is dead so I highly recommend for a LAN party or a group of friends online.
>Joins server with one player
>wtfisthisshitlmao.com
>walk around looking for the other guy
>finds him
>gets killed
>Then i ask him why he bought this game

-Player(me): why are u playing this :)
-Boss: looks like quake
-Player: how did u get it
-Boss: valve complete pack
-Player: me too
-Player: i dont think anyone will buy this
-Player: have a good day. 
-Player left

10/10 would meet random guy and leave him right after
Despite the lack of a community, this game is really, really good.

It's basically quake on goldsrc.

It can run on a toaster (although for max settings and good framerate get a microwave)
It's semi-noob friendly.

If you have no experience with quake games, get Quake Live. It will help you prepare for this.

In my first 5 minutes of playing I was able to get 3rd place on the leaderboard and find a server with 4 people in it.

Fast paced action and a great game. I'd only buy it with Valve Complete or Source Multiplayer. It's not really a good standalone game.
I dont like how people write negative reviews about there being no players.

NEWS FLASH: There wont be any people playing if you keep writing negative reviews.
Buys game
Joins random server
Bhops like a boss
Wrote in chat that I‘m a girl
Did a 10 killstreak
Someone wrote that I‘m shroud girl
Wrote Alexa play Despacito
Got banned on the server
Would play it again 10/10
This game reminds me of Quake, the gameplay is similar and still fun today. You can actually say that it aged well, the only downside is, that there is no existing playerbase anymore. 

Metacritic:
tbd / 100 Metascore
7.2 / 10 User Score
this game is great! it needs a Better community and More maps and server and players i in 100% Support the Creation of a community in this game. and the Responceability to support the creation of one.
Old but gold! 
a classic 1. person shooter with fast action play!
It mostly reminds me of quake but with a bit more smooth gameplay and and more stabil servers. 
If you dont know quake, or halflife 1, you should buy this piece of game history and educate yourself! :D
sadly, it do not have that many players left on the servers, but it is great at lan with friends! :D


9/10 Would deffintly play again, and again , and again , and again , and again , and again! 

[h1] Deathmatch Classic (DMC) [/h1]
As the name suggests it has no story or campaign but for a game like this its not needed there is just one game mode known as Deathmatch.This game was born as a result of fusion between Quake's [b] Quake Engine [/b] and Half-Life's [b] GoldSrc Engine [/b] . In fact GoldSrc was born as a result of Quake Engine.Valve developed this game to show their appreciation for [b] ID Software [/b] and this masterpiece was born

[h1] Review [/h1]
This game is EXTREMELY FUN TO PLAY alone or with friends.It is kind of overpriced but still a good game to play nonetheless.Anyway will list pros and cons below

[u] Pros: [/u]
+Decent Graphics
+Decent Gameplay
+Variety of weapons
+Fun to play

[u] Cons: [/u]
-Game is dead (Almost...)
-Not much servers
-Overpriced
-A little buggy

This game is a masterpiece if the cons listed above are dealt with
Even though the age and literally empty servers this game can extremely entertaining. If you are lucky enough to find servers with alive players  or even bots gameplay gets really fun. DM Classic is a Valve's tribute to ID software, where they tried to recreate Quake's experience, however game is unique in its own way. It offers a range of different maps weapons and powerups. I would even say that the only con that I find in this game is the number of players. For me this game is a definitely a 8/10. Unfortunately i can only vote yes.
i know that i havent played the game as much as you would expect,however,this game is dying,but not dead.If anyone can save this game then DO IT!!! This game is perfect for anyone who likes classic deathmatch shooters but dont have the time or just dont want to learn the complicated mechanics of quake.

 10/10 worth saving and worth the money


 P.S
This is your last chance to play the game at its finest as i recestly had some fun with the original (the rocket launcher that shoots straight in TF2). IF oyu start playing , get freind to play and the'll ask thier freinds to play and the community will be alive and thhriving once again !!!!!!!!!!!!
Quite possibly the greatest game I have ever played. The pinnacle of multiplayer shooters, and only closely matched by Ricochet and maybe Artifact. I reccomend everyone to try this game. Great, active community as well with servers usually packed with players.
While I haven't played this game much, it's amazing. We all love quake right? Well DMC could also be called Half-Life:Quake edition.

This game is really fun, with quake-like weapons, with an arena shooter theme. Okay for standalone, but I recomend with a bundle.

PS. This game is NOT DEAD. If you by this game, type into the console - connect 87.117.231.115:27015
This will take you to an epic server with usually lots of players. If anyone isn't on, it's the only server with bots! But otherwise, I would recomend to get with friends.

All in all, it's a fun fast-paced game you shouldn't miss! 
9/10 :D
You know what? the quake 1 death match levels in this shit are off the hook! but nobody even knows or cares anymore! This one was the SHIT back in the day
Valve gave Quake deathmatch a makeover, and now nobody plays it. If you have enough friends who bought it in a collection you can badger into playing with you, or if you find a server with bots, you'll probably be alright. The game itself is okay I guess, although kind of janky, since it's a remake of Quake in an engine that itself is a heavily modified version of Quake's engine meant for somewhat more realistic games like Half-Life. If you plan on playing something like this semi-regularly you're really just better off playing an actual Quake game; this is more of a tribute-turned-curiosity by now.
Ran around. Picked up a rocket launcher. Got top score. Realized I was playing with bots. Searched for a server with players on it. Couldn't find anyone. 

10/10
If you are a LAN party enthusiast, I would recommend this as an easy-to-set-up alternative to Quake 1 Deathmatch. Don't buy it for anything else though. As many "Deathmatch Classic Revival" Steam groups there may be, they amount to nothing and unfortunately this game will remain dead.
I got this game in valve pack and ima say it right now. its the best FPS that I have ever played other than csgo and overwatch and maybe R6

Pros: 
Cheap
A lot of weapons, maps, and overall customizability
Not much lag
Good gameplay
Intuitive mechanics
Can run on a potato

Cons:
Graphics reflect the era it was made in
You will be the only one online.

Always was and always will be fps fun!  (a tribute to quake.)  Just started to play this again in 2015....brings back tons of memories when i played this back in 2009 doing research for my college paper on FPS Gamers.  Fast and crazy fun.  The grapple hook servers are awesome!
Development of this game

Dev1: Hey, half life is based on quake right?
Dev2: Yeah. Why?
Dev1: I have an idea! Why don't we combine half life and quake.
Dev2: -_-
Dev1: BRB
10 minutes later
Dev1: Ok I made it!
Dev2: Good for you. Now leave me be!
Dev1: But I want to release it.
Dev2: No!
Dev1: Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. Pls. 
Dev2: OK! Just fuck off now.
2 weeks later
Dev1: Look people really love this game!
Dev2: What? That's it! I quit!
With the Quake engine being the basis for the legendary Goldsrc engine, bringing us timeless classics such as Half Life and Counter Strike, it was nice to see VALVE paying tribute to the folks that made their games possible to begin with !  True to the title, this is deathmatch in its purest form... Gathering an arsenal of powerful weapons to unload hell on your opponents before they can roast you !

The engine's been tweaked to make advanced movement techniques such as bunny hopping easier, lending itself to a fast paced fragfest that tests the limits of your reflexes and your dexterity.

Triumphing over your adversaries couldn't be any more satisfying when you're dominating the map with a quad damaged rocket launcher!

The game itself easily gets a thumbs up for always keeping your blood boiling, but....
I wish I could speak highly of the game's userbase; unfortunately, this game has been neglected over time in favor of newer, more popular games such as the ever beloved Team Fortress 2.

Ultimately, a multiplayer game thrives on the people that play it, so as it stands, I wouldn't reccomend buying this game seperate from the Valve Complete Pack.  However, if you recieved the game from that deal, and you have a couple of friends ready to rumble, you'll have a blast shootin' it up like it were 1996 !
The game is so simple and basic, but I loved every second of it. A couple powerups, a couple weapons, a couple character skins, a couple of hours of fun to be had. Seriously, buy the Counter Strike 1 Anthology when it's on sale. Worth every cent anyways.
Some of my friends annoy me and tease me because I play this game-

I don't listen as this game is really fun to mess around with and I love playing on the servers that are still up on this game. The game is outdated in almost every way but it brings me back to when games were simpler.
The game is Valve's tribute to Quake. The gameplay is similar to Quake with all the same weapons and pickups except for the Half-Life's trademark crowbar as a melee weapon. The game is very fun to play and you can get into it pretty easily. Learning some of the most advanced techniques mimicked from Quake such as bunnyhopping can be tough to learn but other than that the game is not hard at all to play. However, the game doesn't really have that many active players and you won't have the same kind of fun playing it as Valve's other titles. On the whole, the game is fun but gets repetitive later on.
DMC is a goldsrc version of Quake deathmatch multiplayer. Let me start off with the cons. DMC has been always black sheep of Valve games with half life blue shift but DMC didn´t age well. Players tought simply it was just a remake of Quake deathmatch, and they were right. Quake has also it´s pluses and alot better playerbase but i will continue talking about DMC.
Speaking if Playerbase ,this is the most empty valve game ever. The playerbase totally is around 70 players in the world.
the graphics were 50/50 for 2001 game i liked lighting alot but Quake III engine had alot better lighting,shading and even some textures were more detailed, and texture compression.
DMC has it´s pluses against Quake games that it doesn´t have problems with drivers and runs smoothly on Windows 10.
Since my internet isn´t very good i liked alot that lag compensation is alot Better actually than other game engines. The game already has antialiasing and texture filtering, that means alot of objects are less pixelated against other quake games. The game has better server browser and you will find easily and quickly alot of server. Game doesn´t have almost any silent patches but there are some official updates from valve once a year for bug fixing,crashes etc..
I have to recommend this game because it would be alot better with higher playerbase.
This must be one of the best valve games for me,the gameplay is very fun,the weapons are original and the graphics are only discribed in one word,"Valve-y"Its amazing

the only bad thing is..... that noone plays the game
Favorite of the deathmach games playeds when it was hot in 90's god those days were awesome tody this arena fps is long forgot by the youth of today the mazing shooter were us old man still test if we are still king of the ring fun alone with bots even more epic with friends or stranger planting rockets at your feets since the 90's!!!!!!!!

Works on wins XP/Vista/7/8/8.1
Ah
the memories i have with this game!
But the game is DEAD!

i would say about 100 players play this game at a daily base
The ultimate Deathmatch game
better than CoD
7/10 lack of content and players
An updated version of the Quake III multiplayer running on the GoldScr engine , but without enough new features to really set it apart from the original material . Also it's a bit hard to find people online to play whit .

Final Score : 6.5 /10 ( OK )

Full video review :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SQMeyOLIO4

[b]PROS:[/b]
+ fun gameplay
+ lots of mods

[b]CONS:[/b]
- not that many active players

[b]Comment:[/b]
Same case as with other old Valve multiplayer games, I've missed the golden days of this game when there were many players around. Today the community of active players is small and there are not a lot of games to join (I just found 1 server with 13 players). I got this game with Counter Strike 1.6 and decided to give it a go. It's a classic Quake-type shooter and lots of fun. Gameplay is great but lack of people to actually play with pulls it down somewhat.
------------------------------------------------------------------
[b]If you liked this review you can find more on the [/b][url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/28638055-Subjective-Reviews-Corner/][u]Curator page[/u][/url][b] or in my [/b][url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/srcorner][u]Review Corner[/u][/url][b].[/b]
[h1] Retro Review[/h1] 
I was never into Deathmatch Classic because i prefered day of defeat and half life multiplayer. I didnt even try it out really because it was just exacly looking like quake. If i wanted quake i could play that one. Checking it out now again just corrects me about every initial thought i had about this game.

[u] Gameplay[/u] 
Its basically quake except you have a crowbar as a melee weapon. And the movement is slower and lesser vertical. This makes the rocket launcher way much more op than the rest in most situations.

Finding players is impossible except the rare reddit event that even had the game at a peak of around 300 players.

[u]Aestethics[/u] 
Graphically its ahead of Quake and weapons look better than in half-life but the maps arent as interestening. 

[u]Conclusion/TL;DR [/u] 
Dont bother really to check it out. It plays like a slower quake with less interestening maps. The only benefit it ever had was the better graphics but this is obsolete from a todays viewpoint.
The fact Valve still sells this for any more than $0.99 is terrible.

The game is dead as a doorknob. You can count the consecutive players on your fingers. Only servers left are totaly barren or just are fluffed up with bots who are just fodder that have the collective intelegence of a brick. No fun.

Also, there are many better arena shooters that are more worth your money. UT, Q3A, Quake Live, ETC. Why settle for the bland, dumbed down version?

Do not buy this for 4.99, or 0.99 or 0.49, only buy it if you want to have all the Valve games. Beyond that there is no reason for you to own it. And shame on Valve for still charging money for this.
Deathmatch: Classic is a Valve multiplayer FPS game that has the same controls as every Valve game. This happens to be one of the worst Valve games I've ever played. This Half-Life mod is just the same as every other but somehow the worst.



So the controls are the same as the others. The framerate is okay, it lags abit. The maps are alright. The recoil is awful, jesus christ. The worst thing of this game is the players, they all cheat, I don't know how the VAC doesn't detect it. People were flying around the map, noclipping through walls. And also they were on god mode, I couldn't figure out how to do the same. I bet if I did it, I'd get a VAC ban. I wouldn't like that.



The other worst thing is the fact everybody playing the game is a jerk. I don't like that everybody there calls you retarded and stuff. Some really offensive words have been used in the server I was in. It isn't a good game.



The game map that I was in was the same one from QUAKE. The guns on the middle and bottom of the screen reminds me of almost every Doom/Quake/Wolfenstein clone. Other than that, the gameplay is completely fine, graphics are what you'd expect from a game from its time, it came out 2001. Graphics were getting better in 2001, like Silent Hill 2, it has amazing graphics for the time, but Deathmatch Source and every Valve game from 2001 and under is not that great but it's still alright for the time the game was released.



I've only gotten into 1 server in this game, hopefully it grows in popularity but it's old, so that's that. Anyway, lets get to the final score.



Final score: 43%



This game sucks, it's awful, it may be a classic to people but I honestly don't think so. If you're into these awful multiplayer FPS games, you do you, buddy. But I'm not into these kinds of games.



Thank you for reading my review and hopefully you liked it. Goodbye.
