Gaming got me into Garry's Mod

Garry's Mod got me into posing

Posing got me into artwork

Artwork got me into Photoshop

Photoshop got me a college major

College major got me a job

Checkmate adults who said games were a waste of time.
This game is one thousand games in one.

Graphics: 6/10 (But this was made in 2004 and you can download mods to make it look better)

Gameplay: 9.5/10 (There is literally no limit)

Ease of play: 7/10 (Basic controls are easy, but it gets more complicated the more you want to do)

Multiplayer: 9/10 (Everything is better when you're doing it together)

Replayability: 9/10 (There is literally no end to the things you can do in this game)

Community: 7/10 (Some people are awesome, some are total jerks, it still doesn't ruin multiplayer though)

Overall: 9/10 (Just buy it already will you?)
This is game is an all time classic for the Steam community,
Developed by Facepunch,Published by valve.

There are infinite possibilties in this game,
-become a millionaire and buy whatever you please on a dark rp server
-Play Star wars rp and waste your entire life on it.(My hours say it all)
-Play prop hunt one of the more notable game modes
-Trouble in terrorist town is a classic,Most notably made popular by SeaNanners

If it wasnt for GMOD I wouldnt have met so many people who I have befriended.This game if just perfect for anyone who is looking to meet genuine nice people (and the casual cunt) and literally talk for hours about games,Life and just things in general.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From Here I've added a bit :P

This shit is the shit so buy it


This game was a no brainer for me
10/10
Lets have a remake soon yeah?
Like building games? Get Garry's Mod.
Like Roleplaying games? Get Garry's Mod.
Like Zombie survival games? Get Garry's Mod.
Like First-person shooters? Get Garry's Mod.
Like Racing games? Get Garry's Mod.
Like massive NPC wars? Get Garry's Mod.
Like murder mysteries? Get Garry's Mod.
Like obstacle courses? Get Garry's Mod.
Like hide and seek? Get Garry's Mod.
Like hillarious physics? Get Garry's Mod.

Like video games? Get Garry's Mod. 

When my friends ask me what my favorite game of all time is they always expect me to say either one of the Witcher games, or Fallout, or any other AAA title, and they are always suprised when they get Garry's mod as the answer. I grew up on this game. Days home from school "sick" , rainy weekends, normal afternoons.. I was always here. It was my routine. My comfort. TTT, surf, sandbox, a little prop hunt now and then...

Some of the best moments of my life came from this game. I know, i know. Pathetic right? But i've made some of the most important friendships i've ever had on this game. It was my home for 5 years. and i regret nothing. This game may seem simple and maybe even a little stupid. But that's the point y'know? a simple thing for you and possibly some friends, new or old enjoy. I miss it. I miss the good times. Hopefully this review will make someone buy it, and then they'll learn what i've been talking about. It's an amazing thing.
Do I really have to write this review? I am just one in thousands of people who wrote a positive reveiw for Garry's Mod. Chances are, this review will never convince someone to buy Garry's Mod. It'll just be lost in the 100,000 positive reviews out there. Well, here I go anyway.

"Where do I start?" This is the question asked by anyone playing Gmod for their first time. It's also my question that I ask about this review I am writing. Hmm...

_The gameplay...the gameplay...hmm... Well, there's singleplayer sandbox. You can do...uh, whatever you want really. Just addon a few addons, and you can be entertained for hours. Battle NPCs, make cool scenes for cool screenshots, explore maps, be a superhero (spiderman addon!), and much, much, much, much- you get my point, right? Almost all content is user-generated. Make your own content! Multiplayer. In Multiplayer Gmod you can roleplay. I'm talking normal RP (DarkRP), Military RP, Star Wars RP, etc, etc. In multiplayer Gmod, you can battle, prophunt (yay), hide 'n seek, and much, much, more.

_Graphics? I'll rate the graphics...drumroll please... 7/10. This game is and older game. Came out in 2006. I guess the graphics are good for 2006, and people enjoy the game and don't complain much about the graphics, but I'm not gonna lie, they are outdated and look old. It's not 2006 anymore.

_Hear the bullets flying. The zombies growling. The people chatting. The boxes jumping... The sound in this game is great! Every sound is loud and clear, and there are a varitey of sounds.

_Play this game. Play it again. Play it some more. Play some now, and play some later. Play it over and over. Play it as long as you want.

_My Personal opinion. Get this game. Now. Get Gmod on sale or not. I'm not gonna stop playing it for a while and I'm already at 50+ hours of playtime. I love this game! WAIT! Before you go and buy this, then you wonder why there are all the missing maps and errors in most games, get Counter Strike: Source, so ALL the textures are supported. You need it to play MOST multiplayer games.


Gameplay: 9/10
Graphics: 7/10
Story: N/A
Sound: 8/10
Replayability: 10/10

Overall 8.5

Even though, this is one positive review on Garry's Mod, out of the thousands of positive reviews that have been submitted Garry's Mod, I hope this one convinces you to buy... Gmod

-Star_Hawk_
One of the best games I have ever played. I bought it on a whim, years ago, so I could try my hand at building things. That purchase is the best I have made. After 2.5k hours, I can say you will not get bored of this game. Not only do you have the base gamemode of sandbox, allowing you to spawn NPCS, build, and do pretty much anything you want, you also have tons of multiplayer servers and workshop addons to choose from.

Feel like playing a World War 2 Role Playing game? Gmod has a server running it.

Want to be a clone trooper in the Star Wars universe, and earn ranks and combat ability? Gmod has a server running it.

Perhaps you want to play a RTS? Maybe a murder mystery game? Hide and seek? Racing? Yup, Gmod has it all.

Gmod is thousands of games for the price of one, and it is worth it 100%

Trust me, you will NOT get bored of this game.
[h1]If you have friends, this  is a great game to play with them.
If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.
If you don't have the game to play, get money for it.
If you don't have the money for it, get a job.
If you don't have a job, rob a bank.
If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.[/h1]
I have many fond memories from this game but this is my favourite:

>joined a dark rp server
>first time playing dark rp
>not sure what to expect
>over 100 people in the server
>jumping around like an idiot
>random two guys come out of an ally
>"hey you *horrible pronunciation of my name* hey come here"
>i take the bait
>they trap me in this ally
>guns pointed at me
>"WALK YOU BITCH"
>holyfuckshit.jpg
>i fucking walk
>they trap me in a larger area at the end of the ally
>two other people there
>line us up on the wall
>demand money
>they're yelling at us
>i'm not listening, i'm in the spawn menu looking for something to help me
>see a turtle
>ah yes
>spawn a turtle
>kidnapper 1 stops his sentence
>"what the fuck"
>"is that a fucking turtle"
>"remove that shit right now"
>i don't remove it
>"REMOVE THAT FUCKING TURTLE"
>i don't remove it
>"IF YOU DON'T REMOVE THAT TURTLE I'M GONNA PUT A CAP IN YO ASS"
>i don't remove it
>while they're distracted, guy next to me spawns a couch
>guy throws a couch at kidnappers
>kills them both
>we all escape, friend eachother, and start a gun/drug shop together

100/10 now i know what to do if i ever get kidnapped in real life
[h1]I know I know, this game was released almost 9 years ago, but it's still one of the most played multiplayer games on steam! If you say "nah, it's boring" I would say "hey, did you check out the workshop? There is everything you need."[/h1]
Spent over 1.4k hours on gmod... Was 100% worth it.

Tons of servers with great kind communities who play nearly every game

being in sandbox alone will keep you distracted for hours upon hours

sandbox with friends will keep you busy for days]


BUY THIS PRODUCT! IT WILL BE WORTH IT!


(there are some bad communities on here, but you can find a good one if you look hard enough. This isn't a perfect world not every server is a holy grail lol)
Garry's mod is one of the best sandbox/community driven games on PC and possible in Gaming.

If you are going to buy this, you should buy CS:S with it since many game modes use those textures in it.
Sandbox mode is nice, you can do many things in that but many people also love to play on game modes, I would recommend TTT as a nice game mode if you find a good server but the sky is the limit in Gmod gamemodes(actaully it is the engine but eh).

There are so many things to be said about this game and this review would go on for pages if you were to explain every single custom gamemode that is on garry's mod and you will get you 10/5/2.5 euro or whatever the price is out of it since there is constantly new content developed on servers.

A great game with a good community if you know where to look.
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☑ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☐ 90' PC
☑ Minimum
☑ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☑ You just need 2 arms & a brain
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master  ---  (Building stuff in Sandbox are a bit hard at the beginning.)
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☑ It doesn't have  ---  (Only with custom maps or addons from the workshop.)
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes
Steam-Workshop addons: Yes

===[ ✦ Last Words: ]===
A really great great game. For building stuff in sandbox or playing a custom gamemode or just ttt. This game is good for all sorts of things.
I have 3500+ hours played so far, made 1500 screenshots, 200 videos, did not yet try half the possibilities this game has to offer and not even close to being bored with this game. The end ~(=^‥^)/
2,000 Hours don't come out of a watch. It comes out of your life. Was the 2k hours worth it? Yes indeed. For a game like gmod to be amazing for such a low price your wondering is it good or bad? Its both 100% depending on the gamemode you play. Do i suggest it? I don't know does time come out of a watch?

+Rep


1,000 Hours later still finding the game interesting, Ive met wonderful people, bad people, and the ones to love and adore. From my 3k Hours this game is top Notch. Not Notch as in minecraft but, yeah. TOP NOTCH
I teach high school physics. I feel this activity would be incredibly good for my students and will be recommending it to all of them in class tomorrow. The way the "Physics" (HA!) gun moves stuff around allows me to teach average velocity/ acceleration due to gravity as things are dropped on the map. Well worth the money out of my teaching budget. Highly recommend for all teachers who don't believe in teaching through the textbook. That's right. The building exceeds wind speed! Hooray....for...Garry's Mod!
I bought this game and then forgot about life. I became what I've always wanted to be, did everything I've always wanted to do, and made everything I've always wanted to make
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ 0+
☐ 3+
☑ 7+
☐ 12+
☐ 16+
☐ 18+
☐ 21+

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run the calculator
☐ Potato
☑ Minimum
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boy
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press some buttons
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☐ Epic
☐ Lovley
☐ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ Something is not nothing I guess
☑ Doesnt have

---{Game Time}---
☑ Endless
☐ Very Long
☐ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Not too short
☐ Short
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea

---{Price}---
☐ Buy now
☐ Consider to buy it
☑ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Do not buy it
☐ Do not throw money into a trash can

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Some bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a bug
[h1] Garrys Mod	[/h1]

The most enjoyable and mod filled game on steam, Garrys Mod. Garrys Mod is an amazing game with a good amount of gamemodes and lovely servers. You may want to play Sandbox and smack around batman or play TTT and rage because you were rdmed.

[h1] Gameplay 	[/h1]  

Garrys mod does not have a specific type of gameplay ranging from Prop Hunt to Stop It Slender. However your gameplay can be significantly improved by using the steam workshop and adding items.

[h1] Mods 	[/h1]

Garrys mod is a game focused upon the premise of random and fun addons. I personally enjoy being a watermelon and firing pizzas from a bazooka. Garrys mod has an amazing amount of mods including characters and items. This is a game focused around its modding community.

[h1] TTT (Trouble In Terrorist Town)	[/h1]

TTT is the most famous gamemode in Garrys Mod. The premise of the game is simple. At the begining you are assigned a role, you are either an innocent bystander, a detective, or a traitor. However do not worry if you are innocent for this is trouble in terrorist town meaning everybody had guns. The innocent and the detectives try to find out who the traitors are while the traitors try to kill them all off. The gamemode is fun and server usually will have cool player models or gun. The main downside with TTT is rdmer's. RDM stand for Random Death Match and an rdmer is someone who out of the blue will try to kill you. This means an inno/detective randomly kills an inno/detective or a traitor kills an traitor or an inno just randomly kills someone who is a T. This really spoil's the gamemode making it unenjoyable at times but usually admins or mods will be on to help you or they will have an option to directly report it to kick/ban the person. 

[h1] Sandbox 	[/h1]

Sandbox is where creativity and stupidity flourish. Sandbox is where you can get all your downloaded mods and just have fun. Sandbox is just fooling around and having fun. It is one of Garrys Mod most hilarious game modes (if you play with the right people).

[h1] Singleplayer/Muliplayer	[/h1]

So if your planning on playing Sandbox I would recommend playing singleplayer or creating a hamachi or another program to play with a select group of friends,

If you plan to play other gamemodes I suggest playing multiplayer and trying to find a nice server which you can enjoy.

[h1] Rating	[/h1]

[b] Pros	[/b]
+ fun alone or with friends
+ many gamemodes to enjoy
+ massive amount of creative and fun mods
+ overall great community
+ highly enjoyable 

[b] Cons	[/b]
- rdmers
- will end up overloading computer with mods

[h1] Final Thoughts	[/h1]

Garrys Mod is a must buy with its countless possibilities. It may take you a while to find a nice server or the gamemode that is for you but when you find it good times will be waiting. The mods are just so amazing that I salute all the mod makers for their effort and allowing me to become a watermelon with a portal gun.
You pay a small fee to access 100s of games in one.

Garry's Mod offers a diverse experience...

Want to Roleplay? Garry's Mod

Want to play Deathmatch? Garry's Mod

Want to live in Soviet Russia? Garry's Mod

Want to be inanimate objects? Garry's Mod

Want a mix of deathmatch, sneaky acts, detective work? Garry's Mod

Want to play horror games? Garry's Mod

Want to build structures? Garry’s Mod

There’s more to discover with Garry’s Mod.
At first, I was going to make a review about garry's mod, and why I've found it unfun recently. But then I had a revalation. A eureka moment, of sorts. At first, I joined a MilitaryRp server, waited 10 minutes to be trained, then left.

It wasn't fun.

I got bored so I decided to join and troll a dark "rp" server (heavy quotes on rp) just to laugh at all the bad servers. I joined, picked the dog job the server had, walked up behind someone, and said as loudly as I could "OMAE WA MO SHINDERU" and started attacking him. This turned into 10 minutes of role-playing as a edgy anime character, ending with a final duel between me and the guy I tried to kill. He pulled out his ultimate werewolf form and defeated me.


It was fun.

This is what made me realize what garry's mod is, and why it's fun. Garry's mod isn't really a serious game. It's not meant to be taken seriously. I mean, look at the store pictures for it. Doesn't it just shout "serious military roleplay"? When you take garry's mod, and try to bring seriousness to it, it's hard. Take the MilitaryRp server, for example. Why did I even need to be trained? I've played those servers before, and they ALL make you go through training. All they teach you are meaningless boring stuff, like ranks, faces, and other things that you probably never use.

When you try to make this game a slog of rules, it just ruins it. 

This game shines when silly stuff happens, and is encouraged. You can do some weird stuff too.

Try it.

See what weird stuff you can come up with.

Never be serious.
I have over 2000 hours of play time from this very game, and it wont stop there!

I was looking for a game that could spark my interests, and when i got Garrys mod i was NOT disapointed. It was able to get my creative juices flowing again as i explored the many tools and addons to make Screenshots. It didnt just make me learn HOW to make screenshots, but also how to improve my creative skills, doing things no one else could and discovering my love of making artwork again.

The one thing i REALLY love about GM, is that its not restricted to just one thing. The many available gamemodes were able to allow myself to truly enjoy gameplay and not get so easily bored like i had with other games. Weather it was doing them alone or with friends i always ended up having a good time.

Another good thing are the game servers themselves, from TTT, Prophunt or good old sandbox i can tell you there are some GREAT servers with good people to make you feel welcome.

and finally, the price. I did NOT regret the money i spent on buying Garrys mod. if im honest its a perfect price to something that has endless and growing possibilties!


So, give it a try yourself!
This is the most worth it 10$ in my life

If you're looking to get into games with a cheap budget, this game offerts you so many gamemodes

Wanna play some roleplay?
Check.
Or maybe some fps?
Check.
Or sandbox?
Check check check

It even have a workshop if  you want to download people creation, or even better, make your own models or gamemode or share your saves!

Edit: Easy to run on old computer and those who doesn't own a powerful pc
Garry's mod... where do I even begin, this game is the most lovable and funniest game you will ever play. Ranging from it's countless different game modes to it's insane amount of mods there are to be downloaded. Gmod being a mod at it's birth to now being a proper game which everyone enjoys. 9/10
Garry's mod is hard to define, I want to call it a game but there's no story or objective, so I'll call it a toy, now in this toy you can do multiple things, you download mods from the workshop to do many things like pose ragdolls and props in a map to make pretty/funny/serious pictures, fight NPCS and make them wage war, eat food, ride a plane model manipulated to be a unicorn into a whale, there's so much you can do, and if you don't like sandbox mode you can download one of the many 
multiplayer gamemodes off the workshop, my favourites being melonbomber, gmod tower, TTT and murder, the best I can explain it as is....Garry's mod, is a lot like life, it's what you make of it, and if what you want isn't there, you could make your own mods, which aren't the most easy thing to do, and you need to get external tools online to make mods, but once you get going the game becomes even more fun!  So overall, this toy is one of the most fun things I've ever played, my only issues being is that you have to buy other games to get the textures and content for them for some maps to work.
A great way to pass time. I've spend way too much time on building locomotives....

EDIT: 6000 hours wasted on building trains... nice....

EDIT 2: Hoh boy, now it's over 7300+

EDIT 3: Wew... Guess it's really over 8000 now.
[h1]The sky is the limit, quite literally.[/h1]

There are so many things you can do in this game, it makes some AAA games look small. When you buy Garry's Mod, you are really paying $10 for a blank canvas. It's up to you to find out what you want to do with it. You can mess around in the sandbox, making cities, waging wars, doing heists with friends, really there is no limit. If you don't like to use the sandbox mode, no worries. This canvas you bought can do so many other things. How about you play a game where you and many others work together to try to kill a small group of Traitors who are also trying to kill you? How about a game where you disguise as props and play a big game of hide and seek? Theres way more than just that, but I hope you get my point. Valve has given us this canvas where you can do whatever you want. The Steam workshop is your portal to all of the things you can get to shape your canvas and make your game how you want it to be. There really isn't much describing you can do with this game, because you, the player, make it what it is.
Garry's Mod is not a game. Garry's Mod is all games you can imagine. Endless hours of fun, even more fun when you play with friends.


Garry's Mod is love, Garry's Mod is life.
This game is a masterpiece. The audio, the visuals, the gameplay and the characters. The dialog made me cry. I've played this game twice already and both times I had a completely different experience. It's beautiful, and I will continue playing this game until the end of me. I bought a whole new gaming PC, two GTX 1080 TIs, an i9 7900X, 128 gigabytes of RAM, making sure I can play this wonder at 8k 144 FPS. I don't just recommend this game, I'm telling you to play it. If you don't, you are missing out on the reason humans exist. Every single person should play this game. I will fight wars to make sure people can continue playing this game. I have stayed in my room since this came out, which is the day I wrote this, and I haven't talked to anyone except the NPCs in this game. I think this is the next step in human evolution. We will eventually all be plugged into a machine, like in the movie, "The Matrix", where this beautiful masterpiece will be our life. Every day, we will wake up in heaven. Every night, we will go to sleep on the copy-pasted textures on the ground. That soon will be the glorious reality, the reality we are meant to be in. Download this game right now, it should only take you a second, and play it. Enjoy it. Live it.

(Warning: This is just the point of view of someone who spent most of his time on Sandbox, posing models around and taking screenshots.)

Pros
 - You can do pretty much whatever you want. As the description says, they give you the tools and let you play.
 - Multiple gamemodes from where you can choose (both official AND community-made) , Sandbox being pretty much the most used one, if you prefer to make structures out of simple objects, making game-related posters or pretty much just starting NPC Wars; Trouble In Terrorist Town, where you need to find out who the traitor is within your team to take them down before they kill all of you (Or use your deception skills as said traitor to take down the team); Zombie Survival (Random player is spawned as a zombie; you die, you become a zombie, until all survivors die); Roleplay (pretty self-explanatory) and many, many more.
 - Low price
 - If you're planning to start making posters, Gmod is a bit more user-friendly than SFM in some aspects. 
 - A very extense workshop, where you'll find things like saves, dupes (duplications of a certain construction/model) or models from different games.

Cons
 - If you're planning to use it to make posters, i'd recommend you check SFM first, as it is (although less user-friendly) a far more advanced program, and it's free. 
 - ''You need Counter Strike : Source or you will have missing textures'' (In a nutshell, you need some other games installed in your PC for some map textures and models to appear.)
 - Most of the workshop is either filled with saves or dupes of poor quality. It's also behind SFM's workshop due to the latter being used more often for posters/animations.

In Conclusion: 
 - Looking for a game? Now you have one. (But you will need a few others if you want to play in certain maps)
 - Looking for something to start an animation/posting career with? Now you have the tools. Garry's Mod may need a certain amount of addons to actually start animating, but it's still more user-friendly than SFM. Then again, the latter is free, and this game is not.

Your pockets, your choice.
Have fun.
A game with a almost infinite lifetime, thanks to addons. The perfect exemple of a "sandbox" game, the only limit is your imagination. More than that, Garry's mod (or Gmod for intimates) is a game that hosts games named "gamemodes" (wich adds fun).
One inconvenience : models and textures. Those from Counter-strike: Source are indispensable.
Except this disadvantage, I strongly recommend this game. Its price is low for what the game can gives you.
---{Graphics}---
☐ You will  forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
X Good (with mods)
X Decent (without mods)
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
X Good (with mods)
X It‘s just gameplay (without mods)
☐ MEH
☐ Staring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Audiophile levels of perfection
☐ Very good
X Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Free airplane earbuds

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☐ Adults
X Pretty much everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run DOS
☐ Craptop
X Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Brand new top of the line computer
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press "A"
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
X Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls 3

---{Grind}---
X Nothing to grind
☐ If you care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You need a bot to grind

---{Story}---
X Story? What story?
☐ Hard to follow or poor
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee and a donut
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
X To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
X Worth the price
☐ If you have some spare change left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
X Never heard of (without mods)
☐ Minor bugs 
X Can get annoying (with mods)
☐ PUBG beta
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{Notes}---
Very very customizable game and also very very very fun with mods. Also useful for SFM style pictures (or, to some extent, movies). 

---{Reccomended Mods}---
M9k weapons 
CW 2.0 weapons
FA:S Weapons
Simphys Vehicles
Admin balls
WAC airplanes (community)
Team fortress 2 NPCs
[h1] An Honest And Completely Serious Review [/h1]

I've spent a good 1000+ hours on Garry's Mod, and that time was well spent, let's get into it in a short overview.


[h1] Pros [/h1]

[list]
[*]Completely customisable
[*]Possibly an infinite amount of addons and creations (dupes)
[*]Diverse multiplayer oppurtunities and gamemodes
[*]Able to play with friends
[/list]

[h1] Cons [/h1]

[list]
[*]Restricted to an old engine
[*]Pre-pubescent 12 year old squeekers on multiplayer
[*]Counter Strike and other Source games are essential for many textures/servers
[*]Anime dupes


[h1] Conclussion [h1]

A good semi-openworld sandbox game with infinite possibilities with atleast one update a year, *even though they're not really necessary (*a good thing). Worth the price it's at.
Wanna kill a 12 year old admin with a door? GET GARRY'S MOD!
Wanna eat a ball? GET GARRYS MOD!
Wanna watch a ragdoll kill npc's? GET GARRY'S MOD!
Wanna die from jumping into a bathtub? GET GARRYS MOD!
Wanna **** a ragdoll?! Uh...Youve got mental health porblems but still...GARRYS MOD IS FOR YOU!
Wanna take a bath? GARRYS MOD IS FOR YOU!
Wanna build a melon shop?GET GARRYS MOD!
Wanna build a snowman?! NEIN NEIN NEEEEIIIIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Garrys mod aint for you.
Wanna fly on a SOFA?! GARRYS MOD IS F***ING FOR YOU!!!!!!!!
-> Killed dozen of zombies with shrek bazooka
-> Ran away from ugandan knuckles
-> Met Gabe Newell and started playing Wii games with him
-> Won against him and he exploded
-> Drove a car 1000 km/h
-> Tuned it a bit further and it flew to the moon and exploded
-> Had a party with teletubbies
-> All of the sudden they all became hostile
-> Ran away like a crazy
-> Went to home and started playing Garry's Mod
-> And did all mentioned in it

Wasn't disappointed
After putting 1000+ hours into this game, I should share my thoughts about it. 
This game is old, but it isn't bad. Its also uses the same format as Half Life 2 I guess. :D
The game consists of many gamemodes that people play on. Popular ones like DarkRP and Trouble in Terrorist Town are filled with people on most servers, and there are many more gamemodes that are filled too!

I mainly started playing this game in early 2014 digging through certain gamemodes that I liked, and the one that interested me was DarkRP. I joined a community that was filled with a whole bunch of fantastic people! Yea there were some people who were rude and mean, but others were caring and nice. During that year, I eventually met people who would soon become my friends. That made Gmod worth playing and so I put 2 summers into it. 

I would defenitely recommend this game to people because of how much fun it is. The downside is that you need Counter Strike Source to fix the missing textures. But hey, overall the game is pretty enjoyable. Its on sale for the Steam Summer Sale so why not give it a try, right? Thanks for reading!
Garry's Mod must be the best sandbox game I've ever played. Nearly all of my steam friends I've met through this game and this games possibilities are endless, your imagination is your limit. You can basically create whatever you'd like. There are a lot of different gamemodes which provide different experiences for each server. No server is the same, different type of community, staff and scripts. This is the game I've wasted most of my PC hours on, 6300h+ and still going! You can also create tons of different type of scripts through GLua. This is literally 10000 games packaged into one! And it's available for only 10€ (+CSS/HL2 if you don't own them). The game is from 2007 and it's still being updated every now and then with new features. Thumbs up for Facepunch and keep up the good work! 10/10 game.
Garry's Mod

Like Sandbox? Has it! 
Like Adventure? Has that too! 
Like Zombie Games? You can spawn as many bloomin' zombies as your heart desires!
Like Roll Playing? There are 1000's of Garry's Mod Roll Playing Maps at Workshop just waiting for you to play on!
Like Multiplayer? This is where TTT comes from :D
Like Modding Your Game? You can do a lot of Modding on here! E.g. Flying Cars, Nuclear Weapons, Call Of Duty and CS:GO Guns!

You will not regret buying this game, you can have hours of playtime with your mates or on your own or with complete strangers!

This game can really let your mind go wild, you can weld up a new car or make a rollercoaster, much better than Minecraft, and a lot cheaper too!

Garry's Mod - 10/10
I waste most of my life playing this game, I feel most probably know what this game is but let me explain it for anyone who doesn't know.
In garry's mod there are hundreds of different gamemodes ranging from RP's where you role play as many different things to gain money and can start gangs with your friends to games like Hide & Seek where well, you play Hide and Seek or my current personal favorite murder where one person has a gun one has a knife and it's murderer vs. everyone else!

The best part about Garry's mod is that you can find a server just right for you and a cool part of the game is the great communities out there! (although beware the toxic communities)
Initially got this to toy around with the tools alone. Then I figured why not give online a try?

So two hours later, I end up in some world that looks like it's straight out of a psychedelic trip. And I'm running away from SpongeBob (who for some reason looked like he had been abusing steroids for years) as he chases me with a crowbar, right after I had witnessed him savagely beat Shrek and Stalin to death.

Haven't seen anything quite like it in any other game. A very unique little gem here.






At times I worry he's still out there. Looking for me.
A game with endless possibilities. There are hundreds of thousands of addons available to expand the fun on this amazing game. Good for making artwork and stuff, but it can be hard. Something bad happened with me once. There are multiple gamemodes available as well. This is amazing. I give this game a 10/10.
First off all.
if you are looking for a awsome Multiplayer game with unlimited gamemodes, this is the one
it has everything
its serious
its a ClusterFrick
Its 18+
its 12+
its all you want
its everything you never need
This game... It gave me cancer. I wasted about 200 hours of my life because of this game. There is so much to do in this game. The sky is literally the limit. Build a car, cannon, what ever. Set up AI fights or Fight the AI, make your own courses, SO MUCH TO DO! There is also game modes like Trouble in Terrorist Town, Prop Hunt, Zombie Survival, etc. which makes the game fun if your bored of Sandbox. The Sky is the Limit in Garry's Mod.

9/10
Would reccomend to anyone who loves Sandbox and Creation games.
Garrys Mod.

The game where you can literally play a game within in a game while playing that game while playing on a game.

Trouble in Terrorist Town (TTT)

TTT is a roleplay-based game where you are either the Innocent, Detective or Traitor:

Traitors must find weapons around the map, sneakily take down detectives and innocents and win the game for the Traitors. If a traitor is found out, all players may call a "KOS" on that person. They have a bar they can open up by pressing "B" which allows them to buy special Traitor weapons using "Traitor points" they earn by killing people. If a traitor is killed and still has traitor points on them, another traitor, or detective, may come along and take those points, helping them along the way. If a Traitor is found using a weapon only Traitors can use, they would get killed, unless they get killed themselves. Traitors also have a special chat where they can discuss things that they could do to win over the game.

Innocents are completely useless unless they know who is a Traitor, or have made it into the Traitor room by mistake. They must walk around like dorks and be cautious of everyone and everybody except the Detective, who they will then follow for the next ten minutes trying to survive with. They do not have a special chat and do not have a special bar to talk to Innocents to, because they don't know who is an Innocent themselves.

Detectives have amazing abilities, depending on what the server allows. They can scan bodies and collect data on people who have recently killed them using the DNA. They also have their own bar to buy special weapons. Innocents will often follow them, but the Detectives could think of them as Traitors trying to knife them or shoot them quickly to death.


Prop Hunt


Prop Hunt is perhaps the funniest gamemode out there in my opinion. The game itself is pretty intense as a prop and if you're trying to find the props, then good luck.

Props:

Being a prop in Prop Hunt means you need to turn into something either out in the open and not look suspicious at all, or something really really small behind the bathroom stall, like a can or a doll. When you start out, you need to find a good hiding spot, all while not knocking over props, giving away your position.

Hunters:

Being a hunter and trying to find some fucking veteran prop is pretty hard. Most people as props would hide as a doll or can and hide in a bush until somebody sees their red name and nuke them. Hunters are the people who, obviously, hunt the props down and kill them with unique weapons and possibly PTW donator weapons.

Hide and Seek: 

Hide and Seek is a pretty fun gamemode if you have mates to play with, that actually enjoy the gameplay. Hiding in a plant as a small character or crouching behind walls are the most fun in my opinion, especially when you can taunt your friends by dancing while everybody is spectating you and theres one hunter looking around going, "WHAT THE FUCK? WHERE IS HE?" and everyone's just laughing. It's a fun gamemode, but you can only get so much enjoyment out of it. You start as a hunter or a hider and you need to either hunt the hider down or hide from the seeker using special abilities that may have been given to you, like the Decoy, Sudoku or Energy Bomb, for example.

Sandbox:

Aah, classic Sandbox. Not a worry in the world. You can spawn in your world, throw a nuke down and enjoy the nice weather. You can spawn NPCs to kill you, build a house, work with some mechanical shit, kill your mates in the wild on a singleplayer world, make your own RP, write a review while listening to the music you just downloaded as an addon, or just fuck around in general. Sandbox is probably the most chill and lay back mode that stands out from the rest as it gives the player some imagination and freedom, unlike the others where you have to RP as a: Pirate, Slave, Police Officer, Medieval Knight, Star Wars Clone, Jedi, Drug Addict, Child, Woody, Chuck Norris, BooBoo Fett (I'm Boba's Cousin!), Shrek, Shrek 2, Shrek the Musical, Cohtch Taylor, Skim Dilk, Melba Toast, B00B-5, Macaroni Fuckclub?, Volvar Smeggum, Pikachu, FLOOOOPS, Vimpy Fanto and finally, Darth Vader. Darth Vader. Are you shitting me? Your name is actually DARTH. FUCKING. VADER!?

Dark RP:

I left this one for the last because people would probably most likely want to see my thoughts on this one most of all. Dark RP is a roleplaying type system, which is the most popular gamemode on Garrys Mod, in which you must either sell drugs, fight crime, help the crime, sell guns, drive cars, fuck with the admins, or just have a fun time with the mates you'll be friends with until you die in game. The game evolves around crime and crime fighters.
Heh, i know what i said before, and i'd like to say this is still a very good game. of course, ive stopped playing but its only because i dont have the time anymore. damn, if i could i would live for nothing but this game. as ive said this is very f*cking fun when youre bored. i recommend this game to everyone i know. ill bring it into conversation sometimes with anyone who will stand there long enough to listen. everyone reading this needs to download the game now, its only $4.99 thats a good deal. i dont know what your favourite game is but throw that out the window, hell, just throw it in a volcano because Garry's mod will be your new favourite. deal with it.
Me and my little brother laughed for 20 minutes straight when we were messing around with the inflator tool

Haven't had a good laughed like that in years
===[ Audience: ]===
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]===
☐ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☐ Free

===[ Requirments: ]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium
☐ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☑ Ez
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] ===
☑ It doesn't have one
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic 
===[ § Bugs ]===
☐Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☑ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]===
Multiplayer: YES
Singleplayer: YES

1 word: amazing
When I got the 1 months achievement, I fell into a short depression.

Is this what my life is coming to?
Will it last?
Am I doing anything with my life?
Should I do something?
Am I really wasting my life this much?


Then I played some more gmod and calmed down.
I have way too many hours in this game, what am I doing with my life...

But no seriously, this game made up a portion of my younger teenage years, and I still find it enjoyable to this day. I've been playing this since 2011, and haven't stopped enjoying the gamemodes and communities this game has. It's definitely something that doesn't get old, only the servers you play on do. 

But seriously, how the fuck do I have 6K hours in this... God help me.
Horror, Action, Comedy, Parody, Roleplay, Hide & Seek, Prop Hunt, Guess Who, Deathrun, Deathmatch, Zombie Survival, Sandbox, Freeze Tag... and sooo much more. I'm sorry, GTA but you don't deserve it.. for me Garry's Mod is the true "Game Within a Game"!
Trust me when I say that I have a lot more hours into the game than what you see right now! I've loved Gmod for quite a while now and used to play it on my friends' PCs like crazy until a few years ago when I bought it myself!
Will you make a bad choice buying it? Not really, you can always get back to it even if you get bored for a while.

The more, the merrier, right? Make sure you invite your friends! This game shows its true colours and glint when you have a company to share it with! I hope you won't be disappointed, I know for sure that I'm not!

Have Fun :)

Garry's Mod is the best game I ever played because you always learn something new when playing it. There is many game modes you can play in and discover all kinds of ways to have fun. Sandbox was the first game mode I ever played in. Sandbox may be the most amazing game mode because you get to download pretty much anything like weapons, props, player models, places/maps other game modes exc. Anything you can think of you can get in the game and spawn it to create anything you want. You can create scenes with characters and objects and have them do anything. You can creat worlds too. You can be anything in the game as far as any character you can think of even objects. You can spawn good guys bad guys and have them fight including you. You can prank, be funny, joke and fool around, roll play or even vs each other. You can even come up with your own ideas to play sandbox. For example two of my friends and I were in sandbox and two of us were giants and one of us was tiny, so we had to find the tiny guy and kill him in order to win, so that's a idea to come up with to have fun. Like I said use your imagination and come up with all kinds of ideas to have fun with and I do repeat you can do anything in sandbox which sums up this whole review. One more thing. Garry's Mod Murder game mode is my favorite because it's basic and easy. All I got to say is some has gun some has knife some has nothing. All u gotta do is survive. If ur the murder kill everyone, if u have the gun kill the murders and if you have nothing u can get 5 props to get a gun or pick up a gun if somebody with it dies or u can simply explore or just escape the murders. Murder is interesting because you don't know who the killers are till you see them or if you see them and same with the players with the gun you just don't know what to expect or what the outcome will be when the round is over.The most I like about Garry's Mod is all the kinds of people you can meet and become friends with. We can all have great amazing times together and learn from each other. It's like having adventures.
Garry’s Mod is one of the best games of all time in my opinion. The amount of endless fun you can have is crazy, especially with your mates. Very good game.
Garry's mod, a sandbox game where there's no true objective, we just experiment with stuff or play for fun.

Do you want a house that doesn't care about gravity? Go ahead!
A car that can go at lightning-speed and crash against a wall in a split second? Of course!
What about a roller coaster? heh, that too!

We give you the tools, and you build whatever you want! Or you can just screw around throwing things in the air and kill NPCs in single-player.

Gmod also benefits from a rich amount of content made by the community!
There's a HUGE amount of addons made by the community, a huge array of stuff to play with.
A variety of gamemodes to play with friends, tons of maps to explore and screw around with, props that you can use for a scene of yours, weapons to shoot with, hell even tools that can make your life easier in sandbox!

Multi-player is where the true madness lies at, TTT being a game of deception, HnS a game about outsmarting your friends while avoiding them, Sandbox where you can show off your building skills.

No way to win but no way to lose; Gmod is a sandbox game where you can pretty much do anything you desire.
This game? Okay, where to start? This game is a truly amazing game that has given me many hours of enjoyment. In a nutshell, this game is the big kids version of ROBLOX. You've got many minigames including Murder (One person is a murderer, one person is a bystander with a secret weapon, and all of the other people are bystanders. Try to survive as long as you can, or kill the murderer to win.), Zombie Survival (One person is a zombie, and they must infect other people, and it goes until time runs out or everyone is a zombie. Basically like infection tag. Sometimes Zombie Survival is also a whole bunch of players teaming up against computer controlled zombies as well.), Prop Hunt (A few seekers are chosen, and the rest of the players are disguised as props and must find strategic places to hide in order to avoid being caught. Seekers win by finding all props, Props win by successfully staying hidden until time runs out.), and many other epic minigames. Not to mention, this game is really good for creating animations and learning anatomy of the body. Unfortunately, the community of this game is AIDS, but hey, everything else is cool, so that basically evens this game out to a positive review. Good day. :)
I guess after 2,812.2 hrs playing gmod only on this acc ( 1,600.9 hrs on another ), i got to say something about this game...

Its versatile, its what you make it to be. 

Be a builder and get really creative, even learn how to code in Wiremod↓

Build your own Server and really have fun with people.

Interact with raging kids in the ages of 8-15 

Drag your friends to buy this game and try to explain to them how everything works with so much experience- then dynamite the hell out of each other because its too complicated for them to learn.

Be a raging kid rdming the **** out of other players on DarkRP Servers and getting into Jail

Even be a Pedobear 

The list goes on! 

Its pretty fun! Go get it and have fun! :)
A sandbox game where you can basically do whatever you want. Easy mod access from Steam Workhop.

The game is very unstable though, it is bound to have crashes, and long loading times should you install a lot of addons. It needs polishing.
Garry's Mod is a very addictive fun game and has a lot of freedom in what game modes you wish to play. It's a sandbox game and has so many things to offer.

--Graphics--
The graphics are actually pretty good for a game made on a relatively old engine. It really depends on your graphical settings, though. Also due to the graphics being pretty scalable, most machines will be able to run this game and most other games running the Source Engine, though, this will depend on your setup.

--Audio--
I'm really not sure how I am supposed to answer this. It's good but depends on the makers of the mods and maps that include those sounds. Out of the box the sounds are good.

--Audience--
This really depends on what you want to do on Garry's Mod. I reckon this targets children, teens and adults. As for gamers, this would target beginners, casuals and normal gamers.

--Difficulty--
This game is very easy to learn. There is no in-game tutorial, that I know of. The controls are pretty simple, though, for some they may need some tuning so they fit personal preference.

--Bugs--
There are quite a few but most of those are minor bugs that won't bother you unless in certain conditions. There are engine based bugs which probably won't be fixed, however, out of the box Garry's Mod does not really have any proper annoying bugs, as far as I know.

--Story-- 
There is no story for this game

--Singleplayer--
It is still fun to play even on your own, however, without mods the game does get boring incredibly quickly. With mods singleplayer can be really fun. You could build machines, bases, vehicles and even more out of the box. You can build a fortress and then have NPCs invade it. You can pretty much do whatever you want to do.

--Multiplayer--
The multiplayer experience is the same in what you can do in singleplayer except there is much more to do and you can experience it with your friends. You could build a base and try to prevent other people from invading, you could build a vehicle and race with it. There are plenty of things to choose from. There is a load of game modes to play, such as TTT, Murder, DarkRP and countless more.

--Gameplay--
The gameplay, in general, is very enjoyable and, again, there is a plenty to do. The gunplay is smooth, the movement is smooth, most of the time. Both of those things can be improved with Add-ons.

--Modding--
The modding community for this game is huge, there are thousands and thousands of mods to choose from each of them adding to the game in small or big ways, from being able to have a fully working Tardis to simply having realistic weather systems, it all depends on what the player wants to mod.

--Conclusion--
This game is an incredibly well-rounded experience. It has good replayability. It is certainly fun to play. You get all of the above and more for only £6.99, $9.99 or 9,99€. That is not a bad price. I implore you to pick this game up and give it a try! 

Thanks for reading and I hope this review has helped you decide whether or not to check out this game!
First game I bought on Steam back in early 2014. Garry's Mod offer so much way to play the game, this mean hundred, even thousand hours of fun if you dont get bored. I haven't played Garry's Mod this much, but I still freaking love it. 

[h1]10/10[/h1]
Fantastic game with what feels like an infinite amount of content, but there aren't enough 12 year olds telling me about what a lovely time they had with my mother last night.
Well... It's that time I guess lol. Nearing 1k hours, here's my thoughts on the game :

I literally cannot think of a con, this game is perfect because there's absolutely restrictions. You can make whatever youy want in this game, and the best part? You can do it with friends. This game has an unlimited amount of replay-ability, you could never get bored in this game. Play as a Law Enforcement officer in a city, or hang out in a virtual movie theater with over 100 people (That would be Swamp Cinema). I even make 3D Scene art in this game. This game is probably the most mod-able sandbox i've seen (other than ArmA).

Should you buy it? Hell yes.
I really would recommend this game for someonen who wants lots of games but doesnt have the money. The community is huge and all the different game modes are fun every time. If you havent got this game by now you have not seen the best of steam

Absolutely worth the money. You can pretty much do anything with the workshop addons. Incredible game but I recommend having a high download speed on your internet and a strong PC. 
Why do I say that?
My PC is a toaster. That’s why.
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
A Great Game For It's Time, Garry's Mod Is Always Coming Up With New Surprises And The Community Keeps Bringing More Action, By Far The Best Game Mode I've Seen Is Trouble In Terrorist Town, But This Game Releases Infinite Potential, It's Awesome,
[h1]Ever wanted to play a video-game that lets you do almost everything? Grand Theft Auto doesn't do it for you? [/h1]
[b]Then look no further, my friend.[/b]

[i]Garry's Mod is the closest you will come to having the ultimate sandbox with a vast sea of user-created content. Be it wielding light-sabers or harry potter wands and running-over anime-girls while driving a Mario kart dressed up as master-chief on a  beautiful sunny coast - Garry's mod lets you do exactly that! and even better! you can do it with your friends (or strangers)!

Aside from that - you can create your own scenarios, try out almost an unlimited amount of maps, be a photographer, mess with campaign of other source games, or try the scenarios shared by other users - and even experience multiple game-modes that are trending in the workshop. I can't say enough about this game, you gotta try it for yourself because the amount of content accessible by this game is endless!

[b]Garry's mod[/b] showcases the pinnacle of sandbox freedom utilizing the source engine and its capabilities with the support of tons of modders and its beautiful community.

Heck, even you (If you have the coding skills) can create any sort of mod you want. Want to make a drive-able ceramic toilet with nyan-cat thrusters? Go for it. Or, erm, just request for it from one of the notorious modders that work hard to keep this game fresh.[/i]

Though it is worth mentioning that the content racks up the game's size (duh!), so if you're if you're having space issues you might need to tone down the mod subscription rate. Garry's mod can be played offline, but it requires a preferably good internet to download the surplus amount of contents you'll most likely subscribe to.
[i][And uh, data-capped internet users; this game can go from being 15gb to 50gb+ depending on the content you download! so watch out.][/i]

My verdict:
This game is a must have for sandbox lovers who just want's to f*** around (The experience may vary) - and I have to mention that there's always something new to do, so either get it on full price or on sale; it's worth your money regardless. Good gaming!
Very nice game, I highly recommend it for people searching some time of constructivity between hours of gaming bf or CoD.
Sadly people don't post everything on the steam workshop, a glance on the facepunch website will surely enlarge your options!
Very good game, almost never runs out of content. Don't go on those DarkRP servers though unless you want to be shouted at by squeakers and killed, or abused by admins like NIGHTOWL... 

(never join CivilCity unless you want to get abused by admins who have no real power irl, so they have to take out their anger and sadness on kids like me.) 

Other than that very fun game, great physics and propkilling is always fun.
This game is an absolute blast, got it from a good friend of mine and wow is it fun. A really great game for goofing around with some buddies or creating your own game of sorts. Loads of items and such to play and experiment with. Its really interesting to see what people do with the many props and other items within the game. Definitely recommend for playing and goofing around with your buddies. 10/10
   This game is absolutely amazing. It is a fun game to mess around with friends, play various game modes and role play on different servers. I’ve spent thousands of hours exploring the game modes and role play servers and there are some unique and fun servers. Though not all servers are unique, they are still fun to mess around on and try out what that server has to offer.

   You can be a clone trooper gunning down droids on Star Wars RP, or perhaps a Jedi fighting sith. Or you may be a marine stationed in Iraq in Military RP. If none of those suit your fancy you can find more servers or if you have any spare money, make your own and establish a great community.  Or build anything on single player, create mods, and anything else possible.
Now this is a game you should definitely play. Not really fun when in singleplayer, but when in multiplayer, this game gets really addicting. Even if this game might look stupid and a total waste of 10 bucks for some people (I got it for 5 bucks while it was on sale) this game is a definite recommend for anybody
great game but if you download too many mods it can take up a lot of storage. also the load times are random, some are short, some talk a while. but overall its a pretty solid time!
Gmod or Garry's Mod is one of my favourite games. It's so creative and awesome and I've loved it before I even got steam. I always seem to come back to it, no matter what, and I can just sometimes never put it down. I love making pictures and playing every mod I can. I recommend this game to any newcomers, older users or modellers as It's a very customisable, popular and has multiplayer. I'm glad this game exists and I will give it a 10/10, Star Approved!
i often find myself coming back here every time i want a game i can easily modify
about half the time i was playing this game, i had notepad++ open and was editing a script
i also found that once you learn hammer it too can be fun.
there are all kinds of gamemodes to choose from.
deathrun where a group of runners navigate a deadly obstical course, or fall victim to the course and its traps.
Trouble in Terrorist Town, a group of terrorists have to figure out who the traitors are and eliminate them... or be elimated.
sandbox, great for building, especially if the server uses wiremod.
darkrp and its derivatives, for those who like roleplaying.
and that's just examples of gamemodes, there are easily tens of thousands of addons on the workshop
My son LOVES this game, however I don't love the fits he throws looking for rag dolls and I end up having to search for hours through thousands of add on's because there's no search engines for add ons....also there needs to be a ragdoll filter. He watches a lot of you tube video's of people playing this and he wants all the FNAF ragdolls his you tubers have but he can't read yet so I end up having to search for them.
It's a good game. The sky (and addons) are the limit to what you can do in the game, it's fun and sandbox shenanigans galore.
Get it, no matter if it's a sale or not, because trust me, it is worth it.
Garry's Mod is one of the rare games of infinite possibility and infinite fun. There is a ridiculous amount of user generated content that exists in this game, and has stood the test of time. When you're playing with or without friends, you'll always find something new and crazy to spend tons of time on. It is an excellent sandbox tool and never ever stops having any kind of variety. I highly recommend giving Garry's Mod a try.
i like this game but for some reason my game keeps crashing,maybe its the large amount of addons i have :/. But its still a good game. Keep up the good work.
 so i heard that they're going to update garry's mod on feb 19 2019

i hope that the slow walk ( when you press alt ) crouch ( when you hold ctrl ) normal walk and sprint ( while pressing shift ) animation has enhanced,

btw, THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED !
This is the game that brings everything to life. If you are bored then come on down to Garry's Mod. Trust me 100% you will adore this game. There is so much to do, when it comes to Sand Box, Dark RP, Star Wars RP it is just insane. So buy the game as it is worth the money and in general the most fun i have ever had!
garrys mod is an amazing game with endless possibilities. i recommend this game for anyone who likes putting their favorite worlds together, if its FNAF and DOCTOR WHO... you can do it! if its HALO and STAR WARS... you can do it! i love this game, and you should try it so you can love it too! the only problem is that the game does not really tell you how to play. It just plops you into the game without telling you what to do. it gives you a few tips when you spawn but that only tells you how to open the spawn menu and stuff like that. its confusing at first but you will get the hang of it!     ...this game is lit...
Valve's best game, and it's cool that it is basically owned by the community. Valve provides the software, and the modders can go wild and create whatever they want. 90% is community, and 10% is half life, cs:go, and more original gmod stuff. Definitely in my top 10 fav games, worth it, ect.
This is a very fun game to play. You can play on your own server or join a server to play with strangers trying to find out who is the killer or fight in a war to gether or try and survive an apocolips
This game is very tasty.
It allows me to make somewhat quality content that consists of screenshots. If you're in to that stuff, then I highly recommend it.






But get Tf2 for the characters.
Ever since I've watched Youtubers like UBERHAXORNOVA and ImmortalHD play GMOD, I've fallen in love with the game. The abundant amount of MINIGAMES and RP Servers I can play is countless. On GMOD I've met many great people who has chilled out with me ever since the early years of my STEAM ACCOUNT creation. There are some Pros and Cons to GMOD these include...
Pros 
-HUGE SELECTION OF MINI GAMES AND RP SERVERS

Cons
-Requires you to download huge amount of new MODS as the game suggests and this may take a while
10/10

Although very old at this point (15 years) Garry's Mod or GMod for short is a fun game to play when you are bored, as it does not apply to a single category or genre of game. You can play anything, you can create anything, you can DO anything. This freedom and an interactive, friendly community have helped to bring this game to the top. My personal favourite and a clear recommendation.
This was not my first time down the road of sandbox games with many options of play, so I knew the risk when I paid ten dollars for this game. It was fall of 2015 when I got it. I was excited, to say the least. The hair on my head was long still, as I had not gotten it cut in a while, so forgive me for not always remembering exactly what I had seen. It got in the way often.
When I bought it I was told by my best friend Renee Ellis that I should also purchase counter strike: source and Half Life two. Now I'd never played these games in the past, but I wanted to try them, and not just buy them for the graphics and textures for Gmod. With CS: Source, it was fun. There were quite a few hackers though, which quickly became tiresome. I soon uninstalled it after. 
After this, I began Half-Life, which was where things took a sinister turn. I was unprepared for this entirely. 
It was a sunny setting, with clouds and fluffy dogs everywhere! I had heard the rumors that this game was only for hardcore gamers who like a gritty story, but was not expecting such a cute setting. Maybe my friends were trolling. This was weird. I played an hour into it, when it crashed. The error report was telling me to:
"Restart the program.... or else."
This was weird. So I tried again, only to find another error appear on screen and it crash again! The report got worse this time around. 
"Don't close me this time."
I was confused. So I closed it again. Decided third time's the charm and verified my game files and tried again. But alas, another crash. This report sent chills down my spine though. 
"Don't turn around."
I quickly spun around, but was not ready for the shock of a man standing behind me. It was not my step dad here to beat me with his belt for yelling too loudly, but it looked almost like.... Gabe Newell. I asked him,
"Gabe, is that you?"
He responded with spit coming out of his mouth.
"RESTART THE GAME!"
I ran from my chair screaming for my mom to help me. She came downstairs into the basement I live in to ask me" What's wrong my sweet banana?"
I was crying and pointed at where the man was standing previously and he had vanished! I held her hand and pulled her to the computer to show her the error message or try to launch the game again, but the game was uninstalled and my computer was on the Steam library page. Had it been just my imagination?! I checked my recent games and nothing. That was when I checked google on any records of Half Life two and instead it was just things about how the franchise was cancelled and similar incidents occurring. 
"How weird" I thought to myself. 

A few days passed by and I tried Garry's Mod finally. It was a great game that made me laugh like "hoo hoo" and "hee hee" often. I have many hours in it now. And all my friends are bored of it. But I still play. Because of that night. That one fateful night with Gaben. 
I'll never forget what he whispered in my ear as I took to run off....
"Half Life 3 is never coming out...."

Garry's Mod is okay though 8/10.
This particular game was my very first steam game back in 2012 so it holds a very dear place in my heart. Came in a bundle with cs:source and HL2 I'd like to say, this was important to me because these games at the time were perfect for my computer. They got me started into the realm of pc gaming (well on my mac) with such simple system requirements it just let me explore and develop any game I wanted with what I had access to at the time. Its simple, there's not much to go off of, therefore, you make the story, you make the fun, and you make some memories with it, "it" being whatever you choose it to be.
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☐ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☑ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
This is one of the original sandbox games, you can find whatever you're looking for on it. From fun, to disappointment, that's up to you and what you want. I personally found what I wanted. PropHunt is still fun as hell.
This game is really fun, but without mods. it gets boring quickly, thank god you can easily download mods with the addon menu!, i give this game a 98/100
Playing by yourself or with some friends is really fun. There are so many things to do and it's just a great place for some shenanigans.

Multiplayer is basically just cocaine simulator.
The game was fun and all for like 3 years but as of recent the game crashes for no reason, not even displaying an error whenever it crashes. I wish I knew why it did this, I've had this problem before and a friend helped me with it but it the problem just keeps popping back up a month later almost every time. I guess what I learned from all this is enjoy what you have while you still can. Gmod has taught me a life lesson.
This game is almost perfect. In this game you have almost unlimited abilities. You are able to do everything you want, it has special physics. This is game is a platform where community builds its up brick-by-brick, map-by-map, mod-by-mod and addon-by-addon. People do it well, its awesome for multiplayer (BUT only in case if you do not feel like a 'singleplayer God'. In that case, prepare yourself mentally for attacks and insults from other players. (Personally I have the worst experince in G-Mod multiplayer) But, other stuff are awesome. 

[b] I suggest this game, to spent money on it worths it, you can be an active participant of a community, if you want to. This game is an awesome change for Minecraft, if you feel its old and outdated, and way TOO SQUARE. (I like minecraft.)[/b]
Great game. A huge selection of mods to keep you interested. i recommend playing with at least one other person. if you don't have friends servers are a great way to play too! with most severs online 24/7 you'll only have to worry about which one to play! 10/10
I'll be blunt, singleplayer is basically non existent and only fun if you like messing around with props and NPCs.
Multiplayer with randoms can be fun as most servers are quite friendly.
Playing this game with friends is where it shines. TTT and Murder are so much more fun with your friends over discord. Some of my favourite gaming moments are still from this game which have me laughing for 10 minutes straight.
This game is a masterpiece of sandbox developing and it appeals to literally any niche out there. I extremely recommend it to anyone on the fence and implore you to buy it as I have not regretted buying this game in the long time that I've owned it. 100/10
Well, I have played this game for about 7 years of my life, put well over 2000 hours into it, and all I can say about it, is that it's a dying game. Servers are littered with abusive staff/minges, but that doesn't apply to all. There are a few gems in there, but they are dwindling. I remember the early days of this game, where it used to be simple, but now I have witnessed what could be classified as corporate espianoge (on an extremely exaggerated level of course) where you could be an alternate person and be free. Now, it is 2019, and as of this review I can honestly say that after 2,661 hours, I am sick of it. Here is my list of Pros and Cons
Pros-
Plenty of chances for ingenuity, and creativity
outstanding people (met some of my best friends on this game)
cons (as of now)-
game breaks steam
the outstanding people from the pros only apply to the few gems of the gmod community, while the rest are toxic af

at the end of the day, I would recommend it to those who want to get out and make friends, but if you are looking for a sandbox game with a friendly and diverse community, don't buy it.
gmod is a piece of 𐑈hit game where you download hundreds of assets only for the server to utilize a few of them, asinine achievements including 1000 subscriptions and playing with the creator of this 𐑈pergfest in the same session. yeah good luck on that.
This is is the worst game ive ever played. Horrible servers and community. Its barely functional and make me so mad. I will never play this game more than 2 hours.
Look I know it's insane to rate something negative when I have almost exactly a month in terms of playtime, but let me level with you straight: Garry's Mod is filled to the brim with two things, and I have fostered a hatred towards both of them. Those two things being, Trouble in Terrorist Town, and RP servers.

I don't have much beef with TTT, but at most it's only enjoyable for me if I play with a LOT of friends. Otherwise, playing with random people is like contracting the Black Death; I get infested and slowly corrode over the course of several hours.

And then oh boy, here comes the RP servers. Specifically, I'm talking Dark RP and Star Wars TCW RP. Both of which make me want to kill myself in a multitude of ways. Most Dark RP servers, in a nutshell, are out for your blood. And I don't mean your character's blood, I mean your actual honest to God real human blood. You can get banned in so many ways on Dark RP it's unreal, and it's entirely dependent on the server you join. Some servers uphold NLR, some don't, some encourage RDM if it is in RP, others ban you if you so much as fire a single shot at a billboard as a joke, it's impossible to keep track of it all. And the quality of all these RP servers, from Dark RP to Star Wars, to Fallout or whatever the hell RP is going on, ranges from okay to questionable at best. From the management and admin staff, to the dev teams, to the type of people who actually play on the server, it all varies from server to server, and you have NO clue what kind of server you've got on your hands until you join and play on it for 15 minutes.

And Jesus Christ, how many times do I have to do the Clone Trooper basic training. How many times do I have to do the fucking pointless faces (which are brought up during training and then never used in any practical RP situation ever again, except maybe front face). How many times do I have to get a gun and shoot targets to prove I know how to use a mouse, and to not accidentally shoot my team mates when they're running by me. You wanna know the worst part of Star Wars RP? It's the events. And just like the servers, they are of questionable and wildly ranging in terms of quality. You might have the best event ever, but does it matter what you or anyone else did? No, more than likely, it was a one-shot event, and everything that happened in it narrative-wise will never be brought up again. And once the event is over, guess what you'll be doing? You'll be on the base, or the ship, or whatever hell hole the server has decided would be the "main map", and you'll be sitting around doing nothing for upwards of 5 to 6 hours waiting for the next questionably designed event to take place. And once the map swaps, you're sitting around in a line with 40-50 other players waiting for the admins to finish setting up for another hour at some points, when you realize what took them so long was just simply spawning NPCs on the absolute freakishly large maps they decide to use (which tend to horribly lag no matter what kind of behemoth of a PC you have).

So yeah, basically my hatred, unenjoyment and disappointment towards Gmod isn't really necessarily Gmod itself, it's what the current player base has to offer in terms of Gamemodes and enjoyment. Fuck RP servers, honestly man. They're such a time sink of doing basically nothing. If I knew how to code I could probably modify the source engine and make my own shit, but I lack the time and the talent to put forth effort into doing so.

You ever heard of a little game mode called Morbus? Didn't think so. It's basically a better TTT. And it's player base is dead. What fun.
All the public servers have had 300+ Ping for me, Which is strange considering that my internet is generally Great at dealing with overseas connections, And this isn't just my computer or internet, Something on the server's end though occasionally I might get a couple of minutes of 100 Ping which is still high compared to my usual 10-30 (Got very lucky with the reception in our area!)
so you want a sandbox game right? to do whatever you want well friend your going to the worst game of all gmod lets start on why i do not like this game 

REASON 1:the fandom of coruse this fandom is filled with jerks and really toxic people that are braindead really mean to you and say your the jerk when you did nothing this really annoyes me a lot because you have to waste time with jerks

REASON 2:well when you are not playing with jerks it obvious your gonna be playing alone unless if you got friends that are real friends then yeah your gonna have fun but if you don't got friends to play gmod with chances are you are gonna be loney your gonna feel so loney that you are gonna be bored.


the pros:your gonna like the freedom you get in this game and everything doesn't have to be half life if your down for animating then you should buy this if not then don't buy this game i can't bealive i wasted 880 hours on this game
When i bought this, i didnt realise i had to buy several other games for it to load in the textures, you need cs source, left for dead, and left for dead 2 as far as i can see.... but am charged for a game thats not complete/Or has all the textures to complete the game.

The big red flag warning comes when you buy it and get big red error place holders in game.
Im completely dissapointed with what i found about this "game". Is only a "social simulator" with roleplaying, its like a giant playground for people to become a character they want to be (like kids). I was something big, i've seen a lot of amazing content, like doom weapons, impressive gamemodes (cinema for me is boring but i need to say is really awesome the feeling you get when you're on a good map/server) great quality playermodels and vehicles and really big BIG maps. 

But i came from sven coop and all i wanted from this game was the ability to play source campaigns with those fancy weapons taken from the workshop with a online server. Cooperative games is what i like but due to every toxic player i found, a limitation of players interested in coop maps and the fact that this game is meant to be whatever you like pushed me away, even if i really enjoyed those lovely weapons and models.

note: everytime i asked people to tell me "what im supposed to do on garry's mod" they never answer and use admin abuse to ban me for no reason so i'll answer you that for free. Garry's mod is game focused on whatever you want to do, can be a jorney to the fallout world (rp or roleplaying), a hide and seek game, a pretty boring pvp game (sandbox with friendly fire activated), a small trip to a local cinema to watch a internet video with people you don't know like in real life or a pink texture glitch fest due to your incompetence to have money and own every source game that some maps created by the community requires you to have, just to fail even if you got anything required.

 I hate the game, seriously i hate it for wasting my time and my money but i don't blame anyone if they love it or hate it like me. all im going to do is uninstalling it and search for another game that i can enjoy and forget my encounter with this one. If you read my review before purchasing it, please take notes on more videos and reviews before making any conclusions and of course play it. i think this is more a oponion than a game review.
