500 million people have died since Half Life 2 was released. 
Millions of people who will never see Half Life 3.
How many more people have to die, Gabe? 
How many more millions until you do the right thing?
I NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR:
THE “GAME MOST IN NEED OF A SEQUEL” AWARD
AND SO SHOULD YOU!

VALVE WILL PROBABLY JUST IGNORE US AGAIN, BUT AT LEAST WE COULD SAY WE TRIED.
with memorable characters
 and tears to be shed
 i wrote this poem off the top of my head.

The hunters look awesome
too bad they can't play possum
the game needs a sequel
not another prequel.

antlions suck
but i squished them to muck
thats my review
enjoy half life 2
By completing this game, you have joined the ranks of the damned, forever walking the earth waiting for a sequel, a follow-up, hell, even a comic.

10/10 would hang from cliff for another 7 years
So this what it feels like ? So this is what the wait for Half Life 3 feels like. 

Half Life 2 Episode Two is the sequel to Episode One and begins straight away. We find ourselves in the outskirts of City 17 as the Citadel has now opened a portal to the Combines home world and it's now up to us to find a way to the rebel base and shut down the portal once and for all.

The gameplay is identical to previous titles in the Half Life 2 games.  Overall there's not much to say here as it's basically DLC to Half Life 2. 

Graphics wise this game looks a tad bit better than Half Life 2 due to the range rendering, which I thought was under used in Half Life 2 Episode One. The portal coming from the citadel can be seen throughout the entire game which looks outstanding.

There is a reason this is my favorite Half Life title and that's the action sequences. This game is like a great action movie. Action scenes after action scenes after action scenes and it all ends up to one of the biggest cliffhanger endings in history of gaming. I'm not joking it actually pains me not knowing what happens next.

I also love the incredible soundtrack. It's beyond kick ass and is one of my favorite game soundtracks of all time.

In the end Half Life 2 Episode Two is a thrilling ride and it should be played by everyone. I'm glad I finally joined the bandwagon. Now I can join the Half Life 3 waiting community. 

Final Rating:
10/10 - A must own and a must play

If you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you disliked post in the comments what you disliked about the review.

For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator page [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/snortsreviews#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!
Half-Life = An awesome 1990's throwback game that's still fun to play.

Half-Life 2 = Arguably the greatest first-person shooter of all time. Also provided the foundation for all Source engine games.

Half-LIfe 2: Episode One = An excellent continuation of the Half-Life 2 storyline.

Half-Life 2: Episode Two = Why everyone wants Half-Life 3.
I SPENT HOURS CARRYING A GNOME FROM THE START TO THE END WITH DEV COMMENTS ON TO FIND OUT YOU CAN'T GET THE ACHIEVEMENT WHEN IT'S ON DUE TO CHEATS ACTIVATING. 10/10 WOULD CARRY THE GNOME A THIRD TIME.

In all seriousness the game is great but short; continueing the amazing story of Half Life, totally worth buying along with HL2 and HL2 ep:1.
Great game but it kills us with so many questions. I'm waiting for Half-Life 3, for some answers, such as: Who the F*** is G-man? Will Gordon find the Borealis? Something that I might know in this life (more 10 years from now) or in the next.
A more decent follow-up to Half Life 2 than what Episode 1 was. I missed new enemies and new environments there but this episode delivered all of them. The story is interesting and it is a shame no conclusion is reached once you complete the second (and probably last) expansion to Half Life. The Source engine now runs an enhanced version and you can immediately see the better effects and more beautiful surroundings early on in the game.

This is a very decent expansion pack; I only wish there was a third and final episode that would conclude the story or perhaps leave more room for Half Life 3.
Valve, this is cruel. You made an amazing game with an amazing story... But wait! You didn't show us everything, you left a hole in the story. Now that's not nice. You really should make Half-life 3 no matter what! Gamers around the world need it, we need to know rest the of the story. So please, make Half-life 3!
HL1 = 11-8-1998 
HL2 = 11-16-2004 

Ep. 1 = 2006 
Ep. 2 = 2007 

6 years from HL1 to HL2, 2 years from HL2 to Ep. 1, 1 year from Ep. 1 to Ep. 2. 

6+2+1= 9 years 

2007 + 9 years = 2016. 

HL1 and HL2 ( the base games due to the fact ep 1 and 2 were based off HL2 ) were both released in November and both were released on multiples of 8, 8 and 16, which means the next will be in November on a multiple of 8 (8,16,24) so the 24, in 2016. 

Half Life 3 will be released on November 24, 2016...

-------------------------------------------------------

EDIT: Half Life 3 never came out. Let's all go back to crawling in our hole. It aint ever coming out.
This one is bittersweet. The expansion itself is awesome and incredibly fun to play. It has the same phenomenal gameplay and story that you have come to expect at this point from Valve.

However...as most of us already know by now, there were supposed to be 3 episodic additions to Half-Life 2 and the third one never came out. This means that the terrific ending to this one is a huge cliff hanger and a gigantic slap in the face from Valve.

Still though, doubtful I will ever put this one to bed. Too fun of a game to let that bother me. Just think of it like the ending to Sopranos...you can use your imagination to wonder what happens next and leave it be.
Episode Two is even more amazing.  What is disappointing is why Episode Three has never been released.  Valve, we are your gamers.  We are fans of the series.  We were so hyped after we played this years back, and over time, that hype has slowly faded and much confusion replaced it.  I mean, what exactly happened?  Did developers leave the project?  Voice actors go on strike?  Did a very important voice actor pass away or go missing?

I don't get why no clear answers are given.  We would understand if something went wrong that would cause major delays or a halt on the project.  We just want answers.  It's been 8 years.  Don't we gamers deserve a response?

In any case, Half-Life, Half-Life 2, and all the episodes are fantastic.
Half-Life 2: Episode Two is a first-person shooter game from Valve. It is a sequel to the previous game, Half-Life 2: Episode One.

Half-Life 2: Episode Two follows up Gordon Freeman story from Half-Life 2: Episode One after the destruction of City 17. This time you're not going to play in City 17 anymore, the city is gone, and you're going to see more places in Half-Life universe and also, meet some new and more dangerous enemies.

Half-Life 2: Episode Two is another good sequel to the Half-Life series. I recommend this.

Rating 10/10
Yet again Valve does not disappoint. I started the game and was not happy that I did not get to use the Gravity Gun as much as I did in HL2 and Episode One. But Towards the end, I was not disappointed. I loved how in this Episode there was no "Final Boss" but a whole event, which allowed me to use my brain more, as well as use time managment techniques. If you have not played this episode I highly recommend you to do so.


Episode Two... IMO the most challenging episode so far (especially on hard mode). New areas, new enemies, and a whole lot of fun! If you really push it, you can get 20 or more hours out of it. Episode Two is definitely worth your time and money!

And yes, it's true... it has a great cliffhanger :>
[h1] As of August 25th, Marc Laidlaw, writer of the Half-Life canon story has released a letter piece that has made a mark on gaming history forever. [/h1]

On a blog post from completely out of nowhere, Laidlaw, the brains behind arguably the greatest narrative driven FPS game of all time, released on his blog the final puzzle piece to the great mystery of the mythological Half-Life 3. A letter for the fans to finally settle the 10 year mental prison of confusion all gamers have undergone.

Unfortunately I cannot place the entire letter here as Steam has a certain word limit for reviews (and believe me it is a pretty lengthy letter). Instead what I'll do is place the last paragraph of both versions of the letter here, the first original one with encrypted wording from Marc himself from his blog and the edited version with the names of the characters we all know and love edited by Jackathan on GitHub

The least I can do as a Half-Life fan and dedicated member of the community is post something here. I deserve no credit for this what so ever.



The link to his blog is right [url=http://www.marclaidlaw.com/epistle-3/] here [/url]. currently at the moment his blog is overflooded with traffic which goes to show how big these news are

[url=https://github.com/Jackathan/MarcLaidlaw-Epistle3/] Here [/url] is the GitHub link as well



For all new members of the franchise, view at your own risk as this is one of the greatest narratives ever told in gaming. For everyone else, enjoy.

[h1] Epistle 3 (Marc Laidlaw's original version) [/h1]

[spoiler] And here we are. I spoke of my return to this shore. It has been a circuitous path to lands I once knew, and surprising to see how much the terrain has changed. Enough time has passed that few remember me, or what I was saying when last I spoke, or what precisely we hoped to accomplish. At this point, the resistance will have failed or succeeded, no thanks to me. Old friends have been silenced, or fallen by the wayside. I no longer know or recognize most members of the research team, though I believe the spirit of rebellion still persists. I expect you know better than I the appropriate course of action, and I leave you to it. Except no further correspondence from me regarding these matters; this is my final epistle.

Yours in infinite finality,

Gertrude Fremont, Ph.D. [/spoiler]


[h1] Episode 3 (Jackathan's edited version) [/h1]

[spoiler] And here we are. I spoke of my return to this shore. It has been a circuitous path to lands I once knew, and surprising to see how much the terrain has changed. Enough time has passed that few remember me, or what I was saying when last I spoke, or what precisely we hoped to accomplish. At this point, the resistance will have failed or succeeded, no thanks to me. Old friends have been silenced, or fallen by the wayside. I no longer know or recognize most members of the research team, though I believe the spirit of rebellion still persists. I expect you know better than I the appropriate course of action, and I leave you to it. Expect no further correspondence from me regarding these matters; this is my final episode.

Yours in infinite finality,

Gordon Freeman, Ph.D. [spoiler]
Nice told with Alyx

HALF-LIFE 2 EPISODE 2 starts immediately where Half-Life 2 Episode 1 ended. Gordon Freeman and Alyx Vance must continue their fight, alongside the resistance, against the evil Combine. After the ever so slightly below par Episode 1, Episode 2 is a real return to form. Everything that was so good about HL2 is developed here and made even better. The narrative arc is strong, the dialogue well-written and witty, the voice acting accomplished and convincing, the environments spectacular and varied, and the mix between puzzle solving and combat just right. We meet several new enemies and some of the combat is pretty challenging, especially the final battle which is big on scale and mayhem and requires real strategy to complete. It’s a tough finale but well worth the effort. There’s so much to enjoy in the whole Half-Life series I can’t recommend these games enough.

5/5
Half-Life 2: Episode Two was released in 2007's five-in-one Orange Box collection alongside Portal and Team Fortress 2, marking perhaps Valve's finest moment as an honest, hard-working game developer. Whereas [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/trar/recommended/380]Episode One[/url] focused more on under-the-hood improvements and urban combat, Episode Two takes the player through expansive environments with more overt displays of the Source engine's prowess on display, although you're still partnered with Alyx through most of it. It's even a little longer than Episode One to boot.

This game, believe it or not, was actually my introduction to Half-Life and Valve's body of work. Beforehand, I was content with playing Halo for unhealthy amounts of time. I got an Xbox 360 copy of the Orange Box a couple of months after it came out, and all told it was a great experience. Episode Two is still worth playing today as a great FPS that continued to improve on what made Half-Life 2 great. From a current perspective, it stands firmly between oldschool and newschool in terms of genre-relative mechanics, with a side of driving - again, better than HL2's already enjoyable buggy section. The story, although the third entry in the series since the introduction of actual characters and their plotlines, is compelling...but if you pay more than cursory attention to the world of video games you almost certainly know the ending.

I won't reiterate what most people already know, except to say that it's an abrupt cliffhanger, and that everyone knows about it because it is an unresolved cliffhanger. To be precise, an explicit unresolved cliffhanger that Valve will never resolve, because they decided to sit back and tool around with hardware while making mountains of money off Steam, Dota, and Counter-Strike instead. All of the key writers and designers that would have contributed to planned sequel Episode Three have left the company, with one of them even posting a [url=https://github.com/Jackathan/MarcLaidlaw-Epistle3/blob/master/Epistle3_Corrected.md]plot draft[/url] in the guise of a fanfiction, all but confirming they're done with the series.

It's safe to say that since Duke Nukem Forever (the game industry's other infamous vaporware product) was eventually released, Half-Life 2: Episode Three has taken its place as The Game That Never Was, and for good. For Valve to spend more than a decade completely ignoring the Half-Life franchise - without so much as a comic to finish the story, a license for another studio to take a crack at it, or even a cancellation - and keeping utterly silent about it being set aside due to their business model shifting away from game development is kind of a slap in the face to its biggest fans. It's not like Episode Three would have needed a super graphics upgrade or a brilliant new gimmick; all it needed was Episode Two's engine and a good conclusion to the story.

If you don't mind an unfinished story and want to experience a genre classic from a developer's glory days if you haven't already, I'd absolutely recommend it. Just don't start expecting the sequel to come out.
As with Episode One, there's little to be said besides what I've said about [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/iN008/recommended/220/]Half-Life 2[/url]. Episode Two can be challenging at times, for example fighting the newly introduced Hunters with their sophisticated AI or during the tense finale. Story-wise Episode Two expands the plot beyond City 17 however by the end you'll be left with a 9-year-old and counting cliff-hanger. Regardless, Episode Two is arguably the best expandalone in the entire series; it's definitely worth picking up.
HALF-LIFE 2: Episode Two is fantastic! Episode Two follows Gordon and Alyx as they try to get to White Forest, with constant obstacles to overcome. From running away from an antlion guardian that you can't kill, through an abandoned outpost infested with zombies, driving through the forest looking for secret supply stashes, and defending a base from the Combine this episode changes it up and will keep you interested. Plus it has great music and still has HALF-LIFE 2's great gameplay. I can't recommend this enough!
10/10
But be ready for a cliff hanger and join me in waiting for HALF-LIFE 3...
[h1]Half-life as a series: For the late arrivals[/h1]

My friend has recommended the Half-life series to me since 2012 (I can't be sure but it might have been the first thing he said when we met). 

I bought the whole series a year later.... and let it sit in my library for 5 years.

In that time:
[list]
[*]I have watched several playthroughs of the series
[*]I have had every level and plot point spoiled and discussed in depth.
[*]I have experienced every gun and enemy in gmod
[/list]

After all of this, I should have felt that the experience was ruined. Right?

[b]IT WAS STILL GREAT. PLAY THESE GAMES.[/b]

This year, I finally decided to play the whole series in one shot. I regret not having played it sooner because it was a joy to play.

Despite the age. 
Despite the spoiled plot. 
Despite being familiar with the guns and enemies. 

The experience truely was more that the sum of its parts.

Do yourself a favor and play these games. There is no rush. Half-life will still be good for a long time. But if you have the time, enjoy the series and an experience like no other.
I don't care if I'm 75 years old when it comes out.Because as long as I know the date that it comes out,on that very day,
I'll play it.

                                -Samuel J. Farmer

Another excellent Half-Life game. In terms of quality, it is comparable to Episode One, with a different setting. This one is tunnels and open rural terrain, whereas E1 was mostly set in the Citidel tower and urban areas. Running through the tunnels was a bit dull, but the outside terrain levels were a lot of fun.

The graphics and technologies are still amazing. During the cut-scenes, I just look at the way light and shadows work on the faces of the characters, as I rotate around them. Such detail is usually lost in the action, but the physics, models, and use of light refraction is just amazing and realistic.

The HL2 games are frequently discounted, here on steam, so make sure you play through this game series, to enjoy some of the best story-driven first-person shooters, anywhere.

Stay tuned for the upcoming final release of Black Mesa, a fan-made source game, that will continue the story of Gordon Freeman, from the first Half-Life game. Sadly, this game ends Valve's development of Gordon-Mia storyline.
MISSING!!!
Gordon Freeman

Male 
Height: 5'10,      Age: 27
Chestnut hair,   Green eyes

Missing since: 10 october 2007
Last seen at White Forest Resistance base north of City 17.

If you have any information regarding this missing youth, please call your local country sheriff's department.
I finally got around to buying and completing this during the winter sale. This and the other previous half lifes just left me hungry for more. I only have one thing to say about it.





When's part 3?
Everything you could want to stay on the edge waiting for a sequel. It is the biggest responsible for the masses asking Half Life 3, since all that happens is phenomenal and pushes his conclusion to the next chapter.
Half Life 2 Ep. 2 came out in 2007, a year after Ep. 1. Just like Ep. 1 it's quite short, this time ~5 hrs. But compared to Ep. 1 it actually has some new content to deliver other than the story.

New enemy types were added. The Hunters for the Combine and the poisonous arachnids.

The game also has awesome levels. The arachnid lair for example. At one point of the game, you will also get a car - much better than HL2's. Finally, there is epic battle in the last chapter. 

Personally this is my favorite.

Come on Valve. It's time to raise the bar for the 3rd time. We have waited long enough for a sequel.
What is there more to say about Half life 2 and it's  episodes? A gaming achievement for it's physics, storytelling, facial animations (seriously these are specially insane for it's time) and emblematic characters.

No doubt my favorite gaming franchise ever
A good game, the gameplay is worth-while with more of an alien presence than the Combine. Unfortunately, this is probably the last game of the series as Valve is running out of effort. Achievements provide encouraging gameplay to gain experience for the Steam user who plays it, and just the gameplay itself is pretty damn good.
Hey Valve, how about you stop being fucking cowards and give us some news about Half-Life 2 Episode 3 or Half-Life 3? Even if its confirmation of cancellation, quit the silence and just say something to the people that have been cockblocked by your silence for 10 years.
I find this Episode to be the most enjoyable and fun Half-Life experience. I didn't really like Half-Life 2 or Episode 1 that much, but Episode 2 has interesting and unique sequences.
The "finale" of the Half Life series. This particular episode has some very irritating and unavoidable car controls but it's a must-play if you've played the other parts of the series.

Time for playthrough: 5-6 hours
Keyboard or Controller? - Keyboard

Gameplay - 7/10
Story - 7/10
Graphics - 7/10
Controls - 6/10
Quality/Bugs - 7/10
ADDENDUM: Since this review kinda blew up unexpectandly, I just want to clarify some things because most people are *refusing* to read the review entirely. 

I DON'T hate Episode 2. I DON'T hate any of the Half-Life games. I am simply pointing out Valve's inconsistent and frankly intolerable behavior towards the community that played an inherent role in shaping the company in who they are today. And if we want them to communicate with us we need to send a message, and reviews are a good way to do that. Don't like it? Tough. Most of us (the long-time Half-Life fans) have held resentment for Valve for a decade for this. Now we want our voice to be heard.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Was it worth it, Valve?

Was it worth it mocking the fans of Half-Life over the years for their pleas for a new game?

Was it worth it leaving us in the dark as much as possible and keeping all information about the game vague?

Was it worth it restructuring your company to micro-transactions and Steam?

Was it worth it pushing this monopoly down onto your multiplayer games like CS:GO and TF2, with the former almost getting you wound up in court for gambling?

Was it worth it ignoring the developers and fans that rocketed you to the successful multi-billion company you are now, which resulted in them *leaving*?

And finally, did your greatest franchise deserve to end not with a bang, but a small blog post by it's lead writer that details it's finality to the bone?

No, it didn't.

But it must have been worth less than your new card game, Artifact.

Episode Two is an amazing game, but this review will remain negative to reflect on Valve's negligence and poor behavior. Shame on you for how you've treated us and the workforce that made you great.
IMPORTANT EDIT:
Well, since Marc Laidlaw himself just revealed the storyline of Half-Life 2:Episode 3, it's safe to say that this is it. Whatever happened internally at valve, it's over now. Here's the link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urza2sbU68Q

It really pains me to give this game a negative review, because mechanically, the Half-Life series has always been incredible. Half-Life 2 and its' episodes redefined the way a working physics engine could redefine a whole game - and it works beautifully! Also, it's worth to mention how amazing the facial animations are - even better that Mass Effect: Andromeda's... if that's even an achievement. 
Anyway, the reason i sadly can not recommend this game is because of... ah, come on... it's been 10 years, do i really have to say it? The way valve just turned their backs to their longest-running community, the same that brought them to where they are now, is just baffling. Absolutely no recognition for the ten-year anniversary of the community-chosen "Game of the decade", ignoring the fans during the 2016 steam awards, and truly a whole decade full of... well, nothing, except for some vague statements and seemingly some lies.
Now, let's travel back in time together: Back in February 2008, Gabe hyped people up for HL2:EP3 by saying that it would contain "new paradigmes" which were "never seen before". Of course, this was a meaningful statement. Additionally, Doug Lombardi stated back then that valve would try something "ambitious". How did this turn out? ...yeah, exactly. Now please, make yourself an opinion, but, what would make more sense? Making a third game, of which fans hope to clear up everything unclear, even though Mark Laidlaw would have gone the exact opposite direction, or announcing things that never existed and then waiting until the hype dies out because they know they have no idea where the story is headed? 

Regardless of the actual truth, due to this mother of all frustrating cliffhangers, which will likely never be resolved, i can not recommend this game. I personally loved this series to death but this ending pissed me so off, it is just unbelievable how valve doesn't even feel the need to resolve this after 10 years. But this sadly supports the argument that valve straight up lied to their own fans.

But hey, we get a card game.
i cant believe, after 10 fucking years we got this, we love you Marc Laidlaw <3
https://github.com/Jackathan/MarcLaidlaw-Epistle3/blob/master/Epistle3_Corrected.md

and valve, you are no more a game developer
without steam you would be bankrupt
i'm waiting for cs: go and dota to fall down with steam ;)
