For all the people who are complaining about getting their money back it will not happen! In the beginning of the alpha it was already said that the game would become free later on, and so if you buy it that would mean you pay for the development of the game. So now don't cry that you have paid 20 euros for it, you could know that this was going to happen...
[h1] The honest and legit way on how to ALMOST win a game in H1Z1. (AFTER UPDATE)!	[/h1]
[b] 
1. Begin by launching up the game. You will probably be forced to restart the launcher a couple of times, but it has always been like that so don't worry.

2. After 35 restarts, press the SOLO button and wait 25 minutes to get into your game. 

3. When finally inside the pre-game arena, make sure to scream as loud as you can and insult other players as much as possible. Perhaps let them know what size your weiner is?

4. You will then be entering the game. Unfortunately you will be stuck on the loading screen, so restart the game again. But once again, it's normal. Don't freak out.

5. When you finally get into the game after another hour of start up time, you will spawn without a parachute and fall to the ground. Happily you spawned next to a little camp and you found all the best loot. (No backpack, no helmet, T-shirts, golves and that ugly little pistol with the red ammo that no one uses.)

6. With your loot you will hide by the trees and act like you ARE the tree, until a little noob with an AR, 5 laminated armours and a sniper rifle, casually walk past you. 

7. 2-tap him with your pistol and spam C to T-bag him. 

8. With your new loot, kill 30 people and record it to later on let everybody on youtube know that your are better than StormenTV.

9. You are now starting to get sweaty and nervous because of the final 1v1 situation. Just as you are going to shoot your enemy with your sniper, you get a warning sign saying that your weapons will be locked due to bad internet connection. 

10. Freak out, run out to your router and make sure that it's running fine.

11. After finding out that nothing was wrong with your internet, run back to your computer and take a look at your screen.

12. ** 2nd Place. 30 kills. **

13. Get T-Bagged by the player who killed you while he brags about how good he is and how he had sexual intercourse with your granny last night.

14. It should now be midnight, go to sleep. Repeat next day. 	[/b]

[quote=author] Review made by Asiilex	[/quote]
Edit: Apparently when I posted this review, they just added the servers back. Needless to say, Australian servers are back, and they are working well!

Please Rep This So People Can See! There are Australian servers on H1Z1!! The people that are saying there is no Aus servers don't look around enough. Down in the Settings you can swap regions to Australia and play on there, the Aussie servers are alive with people too!
Am i the only one that thinks we should some sort of refund for purchasing this game, now its free?

i havnt been on for a while( work and health reasons) but would like some retrubution for this.. or am i wrong?
This game was amazing at it's pinnacle, and was beyond a joy to play with friends. Sadly, in the last 2 years or so, it has died. This is not only due to the events following the remake of the combat system, but also the community just filling with toxicity and people who used to love this game, that are now just full of hate for it due to changes made by the devs. H1Z1 King of the Kill, and Just Survive from 2016-2017 may very well be some of my favorite games of all time period, but currently, both are not even playable in my opinion. Aside from the changes made to the games, both lack even a player-base at this point. H1 I love you, but you just don't have what we as a community used to love. Proximity chat, and the high intensity battles that used to follow a whole lotta smack talkin, was swindled down into a game where the only people who play are either extremely good at the game, making it unbearable for new players, especially at the time it became free-to-play, and or hackers from completely different countries than their relative servers. H1 will always have a special place in my heart, along with daybreak as a studio, but If something isn't done soon, this game can, and very well could go under, rendering all the memories I made across this extremely innovative world of H1Z1, completely unrelatable to anyone who was not playing this game from I want to say 2016- mid 2017. If anyone at daybreak reads this, and you guys want to take a new creative direction, which you need to, then find someone from your playerbase, take them in, and have them decide what to do with this title that is completely falling apart. In the end H1 had it's time, It was, and always will be amazing for what it did to the Battle Royale genre, but it is no longer relevant, I hope daybreak finds a way to bring H1 back to where it once was, and in my opinion to where it belongs.

Thank You,
Sir TerZ
Dont listen to the negative reviews... yes the game is not the best but it's not as bad as some people are saying.
Plus tomorow a big update is going to drop, most of the glitches will be fixed.
games dogshit. but play this game so they Bring back Just Survive. games trash after combat update but im giving a good rating so it'll help JS come back. i have no idea why they left the trash game up and shut down the gud one after fucking it up 8 times and refusing to revert. i guess cause they didn't wanna look stupid? but you cant fix a broken thing. just go back find the mistake and go forward WITH A PROPER FIX.. please bring JS back this games dogshit as of 3/5/2019 first ever revert update tomorrow hope they do it right. btw the kotk new map should be a JS map and Z1 should of stayed as BR. i like kotk map now aswell but its a better js map i have no idea why its only for kotk and not JS..please devs stand up to your boss for once and tell him hes fucking up please somebodys messing up..
H1Z1 is a dead game, murdered by it’s own developers.

I’m not here to demand my money back. This game was once fun a full of promise so I have no problem with the fact that I paid full price for it. You see, that’s how it’s supposed to go. Early access is a kind of a system where gamers support a clearly unfinished product out of the love for games and the developers in turn honor that support by trying to use those funds to better the product as well as they possibly can.

This is not what happened with H1Z1.

Daybreak noticed way too early that pushing out ridiculous amounts of items gave them a nice extra revenue, not only from crate/key sales but also from gamers juggling those items back and forth at the marketplace (yes, they get a cut).
The shift from building an interesting game to building a moneymaking machine was clear as day. Instead of bettering the game, updates concentrated on how to get more players to play → buy crates → buy and sell items. The lack of love is so apparent in the development of this game that it leaves me and all my friends wondering if the developers are actually gamers themselves at all.

I got this game very soon after the launch and played regularly over the years. I watched a fun functional game turn into a monotonic mess. 
Let’s look at the changes / functions closer:

Normal Battle Royale:
- When the game first got out, it had a good interesting map with a lot of foliage and natural formations. This allowed players to have more than one strategy. This is the only time when the items they sold were useful because you could actually take advantage of things like camo. Soon the developers cut the map’s size, removed almost all the interesting places and pretty much all the foliage. This was no doubt a way to cater to an audience with cheaper computers. The end result is horrible: nothing but open level fields without foliage or even rocks to take cover behind. In a way it looks like a 12 year old’s first attempt at making a map in Unity using nothing but free store assets. The map looks unprofessional and is boring to play in.
- Let’s mention this again. There is only 1 map.
- Guns used to feel steady. Now the recoil is like everyone is missing an arm. As someone who has handled multiple different firearms in her life I can tell that it doesn’t work like this.
- The original way of fighting but also having to worry about the location of the safe zone was more interesting and actually required some brains to do. Now they added all sorts of ease-of-access map markers to make sure anyone with 50IQ or less can just spawn into the safe zone and pew pew pew / repeat.
- There’s only one way to play. Because of the emptiness of the map and the safe zone always concentrating on an open level field, the only way to survive is to get a car and keep moving. On foot you never have a place to hide behind and end up being shot down in seconds by someone with a car. This wasn’t the case before, using a car was only one of the multiple ways you could approach winning the match.
- Cheaters. This problem got a lot worse after the game went ftp.
- Desync.
- Annoying things like grenade blasts and gas grenade gas passing walls / floors.
- Again, cars. They used to be rare. This was nice because it forced people to play in more than just one way. Now cars are literally everywhere, it takes less than a minute for a 5-person team to have a vehicle for every person.
- People don’t play. Trying to play fives after 1AM in EU is borderline impossible because the lobby has less than 5 teams.

Car Royale:
Note that this would be a really fun mode if it actually worked.

- Desync.
- Getting stuck on walls / railings.
- Duos never available.
- Takes forever to start a match.
- Impossible to start a match after 1AM due to no-one playing this game.
- A griefer’s heaven. Why? There is no vote kick or any way to lock a spot on your team. If you have the misfortune to not actually have 4 people available to play, you are at the mercy of the 1 random person who gets matched with your team forcibly. This one person has a multitude of ways to screw over the team: stealing all healing items, using molotovs to set your own team’s car on fire, using grenades to hurt your own team’s car, using mines to hurt your own team, using the crossbow or the rpg to hurt your own team or (and this is the best part) getting angry over not getting a special weapon like the crossbow and taking the ammo into his own inventory even if someone else has the crossbow. Note that the person who actually has the weapon cannot take the ammo into their own inventory and use it, only the ones without the weapon can take it and make it unavailable for the person who has it. If the randomer ends up as the driver he has plenty of new ways to troll. These people are more common than you’d think and seem to be playing this mode solely for this purpose.
- The unwinnable match. If you play 10 matches, about 3-4 out of those matches are unwinnable by default. Not because of the skill of your team but because of the system not registering the destruction of a team if they have a 2000ping ftp player connecting while they died. This leads to you being alone in the safe zone with no-one to kill, yet the system says there is still one person/team alive besides you.
- The 2000 ping players. Again, there is no vote kick or any way to get this person off your team. If you play with 2 friends 8 times out of 10 your last team mate is this person. Why is it a problem then? I’ll tell you. After you spawn, you need to change the driver if your team has a person that always drives. But if someone is still connecting, you cannot change the seats. Odds are you end up driving around half the match with the randomer still connecting. Again one of those awesome things brought to us by making the game ftp.
- The quality of the player base. I didn’t mention this on the normal Battle Royale because it’s not a bother there but in Car Royale it is. Team games are a great way to meet new gamers like yourself, make friends and hone your teamwork skills. This game has nothing but ftp players left. This means people without steam profiles, microphones, teamwork skills or even the ability to connect into the match.

The game has been going downhill for a long time due to many of the reasons I’ve stated above and people have spoken out. Just look at the reviews (even before the game went ftp).
And how does Daybreak answer the gamers? By reverting back to the old map? No. By changing the shooting mechanics back to how they used to be? No. 
They answer by releasing more items. And crates. And hoodies that cost 16 euros. And Weapon skins that cost 10 euros. 

Daybreak will never get another cent from me. 
Disrespecting your own game and your player base like this is like disrespecting the entire gamer culture. Gamers can see when a developer develops for the money and not for the love of the game. And this is why this game is dead. Time to move on.
[h1] Alright, here we fucking go[/h1]

What I'll say is just the same perspective you've seen alot around here... just in different words. Basically H1Z1 (the Battle Royale edition, I'll skip the whole game and dev splits in between) was the first battle royale around. People enjoyed it and it was overall a good time. Buggy but alpha and betas exist for a reason, right?

[b]Fast forward a bit[/b] and PUBG is announced and released and booms the BR market. Later Epic gives a free BR mode to their survival game Fortnite (also in beta, it performs like a charm and was/is extremely enjoyable, still getting updates extremely regularly).

[b]While H1 was around and before PUBG was released what did Daybreak (the devs) do?[/b]

Push out little updates every 4-6 months, such updates that were NOT worthy of the time they took to come out.

[b]After PUBG and Fortnite appear what did Daybreak do?[/b]

Push out big updates (mostly cosmetic) and completely reworking both gun mechanics and vehicle mechanics (which only needed tweaks, not fucking reworks) into what is now the 3rd gun mechanic rework that no one fucking asked for. This shows H1 could compete in the BR market with the big boys again! Support the game! Hell yeah!

[b]Updates that didn't bring anything good to the game, fuck yea...wait, what?

Anyway, couple months later, the unoptimized, cosmetic filled, money grabbing H1Z1 is announced to go out of early access, aiming at a very good perspective for the future of the game, with constant support and updates from the developers.[/b]
http://steamcommunity.com/games/433850/announcements/detail/1673522637761530036

[h1]This release was last week[/h1]

[b]One week later (yesterday), what I will consider as an "emergency announcement" is given by Daybreak:

"Guys, H1Z1 is out and our future perspectives dictate that F2P is the way to go. Sorry for the buyers of the fully functional release, you can refund according to steam's refund policy"[/b]

http://steamcommunity.com/games/433850/announcements/detail/1675775070302263191

So get this shit: The game is out and gets a huge publicity stunt, facebook, media articles, steam banners, etc. It's out! People will buy it more since there is alot of people who only buy the game upon release, Daybreak got a very likely boost in sales. Logic dictates one plays the game once it's bought, and according to steam's refund policy: if you exceed 2 hours of steam play time... the refund is no longer eligible.

[b]Do you see where I'm going with this? [/b]

So they release this (still) unoptimized, broken and ALPHA-STATE WORTHY game and day 7 release the Free to Play announcement and make it F2P THE DAY IT'S ANNOUNCED!! And people who bought it during this week and played little over 2 hours (which is about 4 matches) can't refund it. Excellent!!

[h1]"Well, I'm sure the compensation for people who bought it is rewarding enough, especially those who were with the game since it's very birth (3 FUCKING YEARS AGO)"[/h1]

[b]We (I mean every buyer with "We") got a hat, a shirt (not even good ones), a car camo, 10 of the newest crates (and if you get good valuable items to sell and try to refund your game through this "plan B",  you can't sell them cuz...  unmarketable) and 10K skulls (a currency) which allows you to buy about... nothing.[/b]

One dev said in the community hub "Hey - we can't control your luck of the day, but at least you have a few other free skins to enjoy!"
People must feel so happy they paid 20€ for the final product of their game to be this. Some free skins. Yay.
Oh and I mentioned the 10K skulls. So get this, with those skulls, you can buy: about a mix of 3-5 clothing pieces depending on which ones you buy, a car camo or an unlocked crate + 1 skin.

Wow, so much value. So much appreciation for all the support, love and suggestions we gave you throughout the game's lifespan, Daybreak.

[b]So the grave was set, the nails were locked, they just needed to drop the hammer. F2P dropped the hammer. You compensated your loyal playerbase with fuck-all. You gave F2P users a broken game that barely runs, not even my GTX1060 can run this at 60 FPS at all times. AutoRoyale (their "innovative" mode which is essentially the same but locked inside a car) doesn't even hit 60FPS at all.
(And before you argue bottleneck I have an i7 7700k)[/b]

And don't forget. What would F2P users play? A game that is in absolute no way better than Fortnite for the same price... or Fortnite? We get a pistol, 2 AR's, a shotgun, a sniper, an SMG and 2 bows. Some weapons were even removed! Other BR's can get upwards of 15+ weapons!!

[h1]
But wait![/h1]

You can reward yourself with the Edition Packs! Bronze, Silver and Gold all give skins and crates for you to open and get your mass supply of cool skins!
EXCEPT THE PACKS ARE 20, 45 and 93 (NINETY FUCKING THREE) EUROS!!!
[spoiler]
http://store.steampowered.com/app/820442/H1Z1_Gold_LIMITED_EDITION_Battle_Royale_Pack/

[b]LOOK AT THIS BULLSHIT, WOULD YOU PAY 93 EUROS FOR THIS? [/b]
[h1]You can get Witcher 3 COMPLETE GOTY EDITION + Fallout 4 GOTY EDITION FOR THE SAME PRICE. You can buy 3 copies of PUBG for this price!!!!![/h1] [/spoiler]

[h1]EDIT: these packs were misteriously removed out of nowhere from the stores. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯[/h1]


And before you insult me for being a self entitled fuck wanting a refund... 
[h1]I don't want a refund, never did and never will. I can't get anyways, but it's been so long since I bought it, I kind of don't care anymore.[/h1]

I payed 50,99€ for BRINK back in 2011 ON RELEASE. And I DEFENDED it's F2P model introduced in 2017. 6 years vs. 3 years. It honestly doesn't matter. BRINK is a full game. You get the story, multiplayer and skins all for free through the standard play everyone did back in 2011. The DLC's existed since 2012 and are cheap cosmetic aside from Agents of Change.

But this... this... there is no middle finger big enough from Daybreak to consumers and from us to them as well. All aboard the big middle finger convention!

[b] So, what do you want, then? [/b]

[h1]Not another single soul give this game a try, or even dare to buy a single skin from this game, at all, AT ALL. And for the rest of playerbase let this die by leaving and playing shit that is actually worth playing, like Fortnite and, even if totally fucked up in it's full release, PUBG (which is still miles away better).[/h1]

I won't do the usual Pros and Cons bullshit, all pros this has are present in PUBG and Fortnite as well. All cons... PUBG and Fortnite have about 20% of such cons, if that many at all.

A cashgrab through and through, the biggest slap in the face of the year and that I ever got. I've seen shady shit, but this level is astronomic, not even Aliens: Colonial Marines, Rome 2, BRINK were this fucked up.

Don't even dare download this, just don't. Play Fortnite, it costs the same and it's made with love and care and not the most cluterfucked business practises I've seen.
H1Z1 Timeline:

Early Access game Released on Jan 15, 2015 for $20. (Keep this in mind.)
People loved it, and it got support.
(Sidenote: It goes all downhill from here. Yea. Pretty quick right?)
Devs made their BR mode a higher priority instead of their main survival mode (You know, the main draw to the game? Yea. Pretty smart right?)
Fast foward. In October 2017, the Devs split the one game into two separate games. (Sure! just split the playerbase in half! they'll still support us! Also, lets make each game $20 while we're at it so we can maybe make more money off this quickly dying game!)
Devs rebrand both games so many times it's hard to keep track. (Great for marketing btw).
Both games suffered from less people working on them due to less people working on them.
Daybreak gives up with communicating with their community. (The only people who still like their game).
Games such as Fortnite and PUBG came out which took almost every person away from H1Z1.
Daybreak came to the conclusion that they were dying. So what do they do? On February 28, 2018, they made the $20 game, that so many people bought, free.

Oh, you thought that's where it ended? yikes! you won't like what you read next.
August 24, 2018, the devs for the game "Just Survive" (THE ORIGINAL GAME) announce that the game will be discontinued and taken off of steam. The game was never finished and is still in early access. Also, I can't get my refund.

FInal Words: I supported Daybreak by purchasing their $20 game. It got split to make more money. One of the games became free, which makes me feel I got scammed. And to top all off, the original game mode is now discontinued and I can't play it even if I wanted to. I paid $20 for actually nothing. Seriously. Never buying a game from Daybreak again. Also, did I mention I can't get refund?
H1Z1 Timeline:

[olist][*] Early Access game Released on Jan 15, 2015 for $20. (Keep this in mind.)
[*] People loved it, and it got support.
(Sidenote: It goes all downhill from here. Yea. Pretty quick right?)
[*] Devs made their BR mode a higher priority instead of their main survival mode (You know, the main draw to the game? Yea. Pretty smart right?)
[*] Fast foward. In October 2017, the Devs split the one game into two separate games. (Sure! just split the playerbase in half! they'll still support us! Also, lets make each game $20 while we're at it so we can maybe make more money off this quickly dying game!)
[*] Devs rebrand both games so many times it's hard to keep track. (Great for marketing btw).
[*] Both games suffered from less people working on them due to less people working on them.
[*] Daybreak gives up with communicating with their community. (The only people who still like their game).
[*] Games such as Fortnite and PUBG came out which took almost every person away from H1Z1.
[*] Daybreak came to the conclusion that they were dying. So what do they do? On February 28, 2018, they made the $20 game, that so many people bought, free.

Oh, you thought that's where it ended? yikes! you won't like what you read next.
[*] August 24, 2018, the devs for the game "Just Survive" (THE ORIGINAL GAME) announce that the game will be discontinued and taken off of steam. The game was never finished and is still in early access. Also, I can't get my refund.[/olist]

FInal Words: I supported Daybreak by purchasing their $20 game. It got split to make more money. One of the games became free, which makes me feel I got scammed. And to top all off, the original game mode is now discontinued and I can't play it even if I wanted to. I paid $20 for actually nothing. Seriously. Never buying a game from Daybreak again. Also, did I mention I can't get refund?

Never have I seen a game fall so far down than H1Z1. This game used to be fun, amazingly fun infact. The hit reg was bearable, the guns felt great and the lighting was great. H1Z1 was the #1 battle royale game for quite sometime.

This games worst enemy is its own developers, Daybreak games have ruined what this great game once was. With the additon of the combat update, the gun play and recoil was drasitcally changed for its core guns which left a lot of veteran players infuriated. To give a clear analogy to how bad this recoil change was:

Counter Strike (starting from 1.6) has had a VERY similar if not the exact same recoil pattern for the AK-47 for more than a decade and a half. All the core players have got this on lock giving the game a much higher skill gap. Imagine if Valve suddenly decided to completely change the AK-47 spray pattern with no logical reasoning? The outrage would be immense. 

Daybreak are trying to re invent this game into something that it shouldnt be. It should be what the players want not what the developers want. The players have been screaming to the devs to revert back to the build of a previous season where the game was at its peak, but they dont listen. They say they wont do it and they dont provide any logical reasoning. 

Now the gunplay is horrid, shotgun is broken, ENAS has plauged the play style and there is little to no skill gap in the game. 

I really do want this game to prosper and go back to that beautiful game that it once was, but I sadly and firmly believe that it wont ever get close to what it once was purely because of the developers. If you want proof as to why I believe this, have a look at the Steam Charts and the H1Z1 Subreddit. 

PUBG did not kill H1Z1, Fortnite did not kill H1Z1, the players did not kill H1Z1.

[b]Daybreak Games killed H1Z1.[/b]

And it will never be great again.
Once upon a time there was a not so bad battle royale game called H1Z1, there was some flaws but it was bearable cause the game was addictive. It has been in early access for ages, cause the devs are making it worse every patch. They seem to care way more about skins than improving the game, the only thing they did is implement features from PUBG in reaction from it's success. Also not so long ago, the combat update ruined the game once and for all.

So I'm not recommending this game, even on sale for 5$ it's not worth it, unless you don't care about your sanity.

RIP H1Z1
What makes a game good? Free content? Something we have never played before? Or maybe even developers listening to the community? And what can go wrong?

[h1]H1Z1 went wrong....[/h1]

Before "H1Z1" was...well..."Just Survive" there was H1Z1. Through here, we had another game were we can travel searching for loot and fandom, making Allies and enemies alike, and simply RDM. For me, it was a train away from the DayZ hype. Heck, before PUBG, it was DayZ VS H1Z1. And it's funny because they all branched from Arma, yet, H1Z1 for some reason stuck out, with their on...Battle-Royal. This would take place in Z1 with over 150+ players. It was 'INSANE'. Jumping over peers, Dolphin Diving, Two bullets to kill, and "Shotgun rushing." These few elements kept people on their toes, unless they were getting shot under the car. This started my love for H1Z1. I would practice day and night trying to get high kills. I remember thinking 18 kills was legendary, until I discovered the insane channels like StormenTV, DrDisrespect, Ninja, And even good old LyndonFPS, it was clear to me...I had to get better. I'd practice when my friends were even off, rush everyone, tried copying these top tier gods. If Stormen would no scope someone from med-range I'd practice that, when Doc jumped over the enemies just to one-pump them I'd camp doors for days. When I discovered two-taps, I became a God! But of course things took a twist for the worst!

H1Z1 decided to branch out, moving to a new reddit, and making H1Z1 into H1Z1: Kotk. Things started to change without question, losing half the animations that we became so familiar with, removing out-playable situations. Instead of being able to jump over people it like crazy it was nerfed for a more stiff yet set to the ground type character. The odd body removements I remember laughing at everytime I died were gone. And follow was Z2 replacing Z1. This started a whole war inside the H1Z1 community with people picking sides, some vouching for the new maps and others...not too sure. This caused people to beg for Z1, and with Just Survive being introduced it started a uproar for those veterns. However, Pre-season 2 and 3 felt like humble times. The color popped, there was such a shift in skill with the new map. And people began to try and master it all, with people landing in big cities to gear up and camp the roofs while try-hards played Need For Speed while honking their horns. People would either jump out full speed to land insane Two-taps or get one-pumped by a shotgun, roof campers shooting the survivers and window watchers popping out of apartments from left to right. I would remember the rage and joy when people would win in ridiculous ways. I remember I'd shoot someone 5 times with a shotgun and would lose to their one-pump and curse the heathens out of them all! I have even gotten a game ban due to ReShade not being able to be used. I didn't care. I would repurchase H1Z1 and make new friends, Recieve new skins, even able to win a Pig mask and sell it for an upgrade on my GPU. It was my love, my life. And it has failed not only me...but us.

As time proceed, we have gotten nothing but updates we didn't ask for, Hit-reg feeling more and more deluted, and players crying that their one pumper-runie didn't do it's job and ending up with them costing their life. We would take a shift into bullet drop changing, making people rage at the fact that they'll have to re-learn, and learn until they are sick of it all.

[b]What followed next...is the down fall of H1Z1: Kotk[/b]

With their "NEW COMBAT UPDATE!" At this time, let us face it, PUBG was being hyped by streamers and created a path to a whole new experience. But why would I enjoy that? I remember the barbaric frame-rate and Potato loading buildings, and besides why would I'd like to play a game where after I get nothing but a pistol I get sniped in a mere second? Sticking with H1 was well worth it until this new Combat update. Concerns of the Old Ar-15 pattern being spammable was to be replace with a whole new model of an AR, Bullet drop, Recoil, Spread, and even the look of it was re-worked. The community felt a painful joy. It was all looking gorgeous on paper and by the next week, it was pushed to Test servers. This caused the depression of this game, some were positive while most knew this might be the end of H1Z1. Despite the New Ar, Ak, And new MP7, instead of doing what it was told it was doing the exact opposite! People would spam the Ar, the AK, And lets not forget the lazer, MP7. The game felt even more buggy, There was no bullet drop, barley leading, the Ar, even more spammable at a farther range. I remember spraying the AK and hitting unthinkable two taps. And the community wasn't just raged, but scared for the big changes coming to H1Z1...And it came. With different type of nerfs applied, and almost new everything with a crazy amount of POIs the game started to lose fandom. I remember seeing 9k playings being lost each month, this has started the decline.

Seeing "H1Z1: Kotk" and "H1Z1" Becoming "H1Z1" and "Just Survive" started the death of the game.

With Just Survive having their own problem, H1Z1 originality has started to shift, even ideas of adding scopes, and silencers where brought up with the community shutting it down. With the new Combat Update pros has branched to different games such as PUBG, and later on Fortnite. H1Z1 losing it's hype and slowy dying, each update ruining the game, bringing the fandom to rage. Even though we wanted to try something new it has back fired, with every update being directed by the community being hated afterwards, the game kept digging it's own grave. With all the big names disappearing and H1Z1 searching for the next big update, it was clear to see the direction of this product. Players quitting monthly in persuit for better games, skins losing it's price, and even the China ban hit H1 with many more problems. With only a handful who would stay.

Yet, even when they started listening to us at the end, this started the "Loop." DayBreak would add something to revert it back, The new Ar replaced with the old spray pattern with adjustments, Z1 being re-worked even they would refuse to ever bringing it back. Movement, like Jumping over people, or Instantly Proning being brought back, things we had which is now making a comeback too late. Why would the aspect of the game change if we'd get them back later on? It didn't make sense, and people saw that. With the progression questionable it was even time for even veterns to finally make their way to better titles.

H1Z1 has finally plummeted, The game feels terrible, Movement is restricted, You have to gamble for hit-reg, and games sometime starting up with only 70 players. Waiting went from a few seconds to a few minutes. It was starting to feel deserted. The same faces each game and less of them daily. and with the last change to bullet drop and couldn't take it anymore. I've lost all the knowladge I've learned, the old me has vanished, and even new players would consider me as a noob. It was clear to see, that my time has come aswell.

Turning back at the times I've spent hiding from teams, crafting make-shifts, and popping off helments, made me realize that I might never feel such a rush for action, such a thrill shift in gameplay, and the funny jolts that I'd spend with friends. It's very clear to me, DayBreak has pulled a Planetside 2 on me, This was the 2nd time I've felt such a big lost in such an odd community. The shifting of games isn't even just for me. I really can never feel the same compared to what I've gone through in Z1 and Z2. And I feel many have felt the same, we all held hope for the game to jump back just to see it fall down each leap, and with the current state being worked on just to meet the need of the now player base I cannot recommend this game. 

[b]I'd always have my saved videos...[/b]





[spoiler]but will never have the same game in them.[/spoiler]
This game was sunk by poor customer service as well. I at one point lost years worth of items due to a bug. I was told by one of the devs in an email to "stop button mashing". My email was nothing but respect and appreciation for a good game where I also simply asked if they could return my bugged items I have earned over the years. "Stop Button Mashing"! Really? And now your game is dead. Good work! Piss poor development. Just sad and dissapointed I have over 2k in hours in crap. And yes this game actually is years old it was originally released Jan 2015. At one point we had a good game to play. I believe even the most played game on steam. Then something happened. It became all about crates. F this game. I'm done!
[h1]Do not purchase this game. Do not support unethical price gouging.[/h1]

[b]Step 1)[/b] Announce you are making a game that will be free!
[b]Step 2)[/b] Release it as early access with tons of bugs for $20
[b]Step 3)[/b] Release a new game mode to hold people over while you fix the bugs in the actual game
[b]Step 4)[/b] Announce the game will NOT be free 
[b]Step 5)[/b] Split the main game and the secondary game mode into 2 seperate games and charge $20 for each!
[b]Step 6)[/b] Profit
I've wasted too much time on this game, the devs are too woried about skins then they are about the fluidity of gameplay. They would rather the game look older and play worse, than to fix problems they already have. Maybe they've made steps in the wrong direction, or maybe they don't see the game's path in the same way the players do. Either way, they don't listen to their community unless it will make them more money.
After almost spending my entire life (almost 1000 hours, including the original H1Z1) here is my final review for you guys.

It all began 2015, where the glorious H1Z1 has been released. At this time the game was full of bugs, well I didn't judge in those days, because it was an Early-Access-Version of the game.

Though it had a lot of bugs, it was really fun to play, with friends of course.
At this time you actually were getting rewards for winning, even if you were playing in a group. Nowadays you will not get rewarded after winning when playing with a group. So for some people (including me), the motivation to win was missing, since those days.

After the Developer Studio switched and reorganized from Sony Online Entertainment to Daybreak Games (TheyBreak Games     ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ) the game was on their way to fall down.
You couldn't see any progress in developing, major bugs existed for months, the priority list of Daybreak Games was disastrous. Well though I had those bad impressions, I wasn't missing the fun at this time. 
In 2016 they made the decision split the game into two. H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill. I had hope in the developement of this game again, because I thought maybe it will help them to organize themselfs better and to set priorities.

On one side I was happy that they brought some new stuff, new gamemodes to play, events, etc., like Ignition, Skirmish, Green Dawn, Hardcore, but on the other side major bugs still existed. But for me, it was still fun to play.
Later 2016 they have made their biggest mistake. They (re)-"launched" their game (fun-fact: its still in early-access) and promised a major change in gameplay, graphics, performance and developing. So let's see what the "launch" brought us:

(1) They have removed the old map and replaced it with the new Z2-Map. You might ask yourself now, what, is so bad about the new Z2-Map?:
- Though they promised graphic enhancements, they've just increased the color saturation, to pretend, that graphics are better now. But as you might guess: They are not even close to better. The lightnings in the buildings are worse then ever. You can hardly see the loot inside of the buildings.
- The actual reason for why the map was changed was that the devs thought, that the original map was maybe a bit too much copy and pasted. Here is my opionion on that: The new map is even more copy and pasted. Almost every buildings looks the same.
- There are no real memorial places or fighting spots, like they were on the original map. Maybe it is because that I am a little bit nostalgic, but people who have played the original H1Z1 will understand me, when I rave about PV Police-Station, Radio-Tower, Opfer Camp, Reservoir Dam, B2, Hospital, etc, etc...
- Loot is clipping inside of the textures so you cannot pick it up. This bug exists since almost half a year now.
- Floating trees and ugly streets and textures are daily fare.
- They won't give us the opportunity to play the old map, since they "deleted it by mistake" so they said. (Another fun-fact: the old map is still available in H1Z1: JS, so there is no way that it had been deleted)
- There is no pit in the new Box of Destiny. Where the hell shall summit go then?

(2) They have made a major change to the Interface and the HUD, which in my eyes clearly looks fancier but is actually worse than the original, because it seems really unclearly to me.

(3) The translations are actually worse than google translator.

(4) They have removed previous exlusive gamemodes, so you can't play them anymore. Well there is the ability to do so, but there never had been an event where you can play them.

(5) They brought in a new rewards system and removed the old one. Unfortunatley, I never could experience those, because as you might noticed, I was always playing with friends. But nope, there are still no rewards for groups.

(6) The performance is still as bad as in the old H1Z1.

You might ask yourself now, why did they make those changes and why did they relaunch the game?
Clear answer boys: to market the game more efficient.

I have lost faith in this game and thats why I felt the need to write this review.

I have the bad feeling that this game won't get any better, since the problem-solving approaches from the developers are slow, less efficient and mostly alternative and do not treat the cause of most problems.

Edit: 
_______

When the game was fun - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlvQDVWNsmg

I will always remember you Z1. <3

Shame on you greedy devs! Memories will stay, but you will fade.

_______

Got the "Dying Game Award".

Lel.

_______

"iT'S bEcAuSE oF pUbG aNd FoRtnIte ThAT tHE pLaYeRbaSE iS LoWeRINg"
Lots of cheaters. Anticheat system makes me laugh.
It's been a year from the launch of H1Z1 with battleroyale now chopped into King of the Kill and Just survive. Just to make more money. It's soo obvious hunger they have for money that they not only did this, they are giving more priority into creating new crates and skins to sell to dumb people instead of fighting the high amount of cheaters in this game.
1661.4 hrs. I know what i'm talking about.

Imagine you buy a nice dog (h1z1) for your birthday. You love this dog, you play with it almost every day, and the dog loves you back. After a few months you decide your current doghouse isn't big enough anymore to keep your dog in, so you buy an expensive, nicely painted doghouse (brand new pc) JUST to play with this dog. Another few months go by, and you start noticing all the things you don't like about your loyal companion anymore. His fur is all scruffy, his teeth are going yellow, and he barks at the first sign of another human being. You try to convince yourself your dog is changing, growing up. Little do you know every time you try to play with your dog it attacks you and starts growling at you. Every single week you notice different changes to your dog. He starts walking funny, his barks sound like guinnea pigs having coïtus and the once beautiful fur has all but vanished. You now try to play with a mean, broken, sorry ass excuse of a dog every single day in the last hope he may one day become the beautiful creature he once was. The dog which you once loved the shit out of is no more.

Today will always be remembered as the day the developers threw the towel in the ring and said "fuck it, we've squeezed every last possible cent out of this game, let's just screw it up one last time for good measure and let the game die."
after spending over 3k hours in this game and playing it over the course of many years, i have realised that the dev team consists of doing two things, mistakes, and more mistakes.
preseason 3 had over 150k players and the game was fun, then they changed core mechanics of the game with the combat update and lost over 90% of their player base, after 2 years of waiting for the dev team to do something, remain consistent and make the game playable, not only have they made it worse every single update that has come out, but they are still, after 3 years, after taking it out of early access, after ignoring the commmunity again and again, countless times, 
they are still, changing the core mechanics of the game, recoil, bullet drop, bullet speed etc.
every game you play there will be hackers, ruining your experience.
and when there arent hackers, theres desync which is just as bad, crouch behind cover? 
nope still got shot because u peaked 3 seconds ago.
what was once a fun and enjoyable gaming experience is now broken unplayable garbage. 
leave h1z1 how it should be, a memory.
This is from some who played 1k+ hours of BR/KOTK.

DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!

You will be greatly disappointed by the developer of this game (Daybreak)
They always manage to mess up something every single patch and never listen to the community.
It's obvious that they are here to make as much money as they can and just abandon the game.
H1Z1 is a game I've played for over a year and a game that I've loved a lot for such a long time. It was a game that I was willing to look past the bugs and poor development team because of how much fun I had playing this game. 

The current state of the game, on April 11 2017, is absolutely terrible. We've been promised so many things and been given so little. We just NOW got a spectator camera. 9/10 of my games are ruined by a hacker two tapping me from a mountain. 

Despite all of this, I loved King of the Kill so much. I made so many friends and got close to so many people through this game, and it held a special place in my heart for that. Until today.

My best friend got on to play a couple of rounds with me only to find out that she had been banned. Why, might you ask? Well neither of us have any idea whatsoever! She's not someone to care about cheating or even her rank all that much, seeing as we only played duos and fives. All of her games were very low kill counts and placings, if anything she was a very average player around Gold level. She never had an insane performance or anything like that. 

Today, she was banned by Daybreak Games for virtually no reason. I can not, with a clean conscience, recommend ANYBODY to purchase this game or give the developer any of your money whatsoever.

Daybreak Games is a terrible company in literally every single right. The game has been early access for three years and the game has gone nowhere at all.

Edit: Daybreak responded to my friend's complaint about being unreasonable banned with:

"null
null
Thanks!
don't reply."

:)
I had +220 hours on H1Z1 before it was split. 

I will tell you what: The concept of BR was good. It was quick, full of people, very competitive, always gave you that rush. It was good for alpha, but then you started to notice something. 
- The map sucks. Its like if you had spent 2 hours on far cry 2 editor. No details at all. Same shitty vegetation brush everywhere. 
- 3 main weapons: shotgun, ar15 and ak47. So poor.
- Queues to play. Such long queues. Was it that expensive to buy more servers? Oh wait...thats what the next point kicks right in.
- Developers only care about money. For real. Updates only had small fixes like "ak now is a bit less powerful" or "car speed reduced" and all the rest was about 100 shitty skins for which you have to buy keys and crates. Its such a rip off. Its an alpha game, for fucks sake, and they charge you like millions for skins. Winning battle royale only gives you horrible loot which is absolutely worthless, because, of course, they do not want you to get cool content by winning and proving yourself to be good, no, they want you to spend more moneyz in their alpha game which will never be completed except for the fantastic crate&key system. They even have their in-game money. Why? So they can control the price of keys. It would be fatal for them if people could sell keys or crates.
Its so disgusting to see that as soon as they get some fame, they instantly forget about the game and start looking for all kinds of ideas to rip you off. It bothered me so hard that my ingame name in DayZ SA is "H1Z1Sucks".
Seriously, only buy this game if all you care is about BUYING content that otherwise you would get for free. In addition (but last) their fuckin brilliant bussinessmen came up with the idea of splitting the game in two, so that instead of having one alpha game with two game modes, they had 2 broken alpha games for each 20€. And the worst is, they tried to make us believe it was because "they wanted to focus more". 

Oh, and as I write I remember another thing, the "Green Battle royal" or whatever it was called. They realised people only played for the BR mode, so they thought "Hey, could we charge them for playing BR mode? Oh yea we can, but lets disguise it as a new mode with extra luxury weapon skins". Then you win the br green and you check your AR15 skin and realise they only put 30 seconds in sprayin some green shitty brush over the model. Fuckin brilliant.
The developers had their chance to make a great Battle Royale game, and they completely screwed it up. They sat on their underdeveloped game, pushing out updates whenever they felt like (sometimes six months in-between actual fixes, not just cosmetic updates). Then PlayerUnknowns and Fortnite came out and now they want to start adding content and fixing their game?

No thanks, just get Fortnite or PUBG instead.

EDIT: 10 days after the release they made the game free to play and won't give money back to people who bought the game. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF
What was originally supposed to be a 1000 man zombie survival game on the scale of Planetside 2 (same engine) and was bought from Sony and gutted by Day Break then instantly "finished." I bought into H1Z1 for what it was originally supposed to be, a horror survival game; then it became an arcade shooter to turn a quick profit for another company not even involved in it's production. Once I learnt of their ill treatment of Player-Unknown, that was the only semblance of silver lining that came out of the Day Break tragedy... If they never bought out his parent company and fired him we never would have PUBG. So. I guess we can thank them for giving us PUBG as he took the money he made from H1Z1 and the Sony sale and made PUBG as a giant flipping of the bird to Day Break.
They fucked this game to hell and back. All they care about is money and don't listen to the community. Daycrate games. TRASH! They can't fix shit. I loved this game at one time. So sad to see it die. 1400+ hours between normal and test server. All turned out to be a complete letdown and waste of my time.
I've played this game for 3 years and I have to say that this game was great. This game was popular and it was really about skill. But big Mistake is that Developers don't listen to community. They don't use brain. Developers do things which ruins whole game. H1z1 has lost a lot of players. In pre season 3 this game played 150k people. Now ? 3-4-5k ? really daybreak ? Honestly I'm very sad becaused I like this game but developers don't try to listen community and that's why I decided to stop playing this game. I was really patient but developers still do the same thing!!! They don't listen to community Feedback!!!! So please guys don't play this game. Daybreak doesn't deserve our attention.
Just Survive is shut down.

Fuck off Daybreak. Either offer us refunds or give us the ability to create our own servers so we're not $20 AND a game out.
H1Z1 is a dead game, murdered by it’s own developers.

I’m not here to demand my money back. This game was once fun a full of promise so I have no problem with the fact that I paid full price for it. You see, that’s how it’s supposed to go. Early access is a kind of a system where gamers support a clearly unfinished product out of the love for games and the developers in turn honor that support by trying to use those funds to better the product as well as they possibly can.

This is not what happened with H1Z1.

Daybreak noticed way too early that pushing out ridiculous amounts of items gave them a nice extra revenue, not only from crate/key sales but also from gamers juggling those items back and forth at the marketplace (yes, they get a cut).
The shift from building an interesting game to building a moneymaking machine was clear as day. Instead of bettering the game, updates concentrated on how to get more players to play → buy crates → buy and sell items. The lack of love is so apparent in the development of this game that it leaves me and all my friends wondering if the developers are actually gamers themselves at all.

I got this game very soon after the launch and played regularly over the years. I watched a fun functional game turn into a monotonic mess. 
Let’s look at the changes / functions closer:

Normal Battle Royale:
- When the game first got out, it had a good interesting map with a lot of foliage and natural formations. This allowed players to have more than one strategy. This is the only time when the items they sold were useful because you could actually take advantage of things like camo. Soon the developers cut the map’s size, removed almost all the interesting places and pretty much all the foliage. This was no doubt a way to cater to an audience with cheaper computers. The end result is horrible: nothing but open level fields without foliage or even rocks to take cover behind. In a way it looks like a 12 year old’s first attempt at making a map in Unity using nothing but free store assets. The map looks unprofessional and is boring to play in.
- Let’s mention this again. There is only 1 map.
- Guns used to feel steady. Now the recoil is like everyone is missing an arm. As someone who has handled multiple different firearms in her life I can tell that it doesn’t work like this.
- The original way of fighting but also having to worry about the location of the safe zone was more interesting and actually required some brains to do. Now they added all sorts of ease-of-access map markers to make sure anyone with 50IQ or less can just spawn into the safe zone and pew pew pew / repeat.
- There’s only one way to play. Because of the emptiness of the map and the safe zone always concentrating on an open level field, the only way to survive is to get a car and keep moving. On foot you never have a place to hide behind and end up being shot down in seconds by someone with a car. This wasn’t the case before, using a car was only one of the multiple ways you could approach winning the match.
- Cheaters. This problem got a lot worse after the game went ftp.
- Desync.
- Annoying things like grenade blasts and gas grenade gas passing walls / floors.
- Again, cars. They used to be rare. This was nice because it forced people to play in more than just one way. Now cars are literally everywhere, it takes less than a minute for a 5-person team to have a vehicle for every person.
- People don’t play. Trying to play fives after 1AM in EU is borderline impossible because the lobby has less than 5 teams.

Car Royale:
Note that this would be a really fun mode if it actually worked.

- Desync.
- Getting stuck on walls / railings.
- Duos never available.
- Takes forever to start a match.
- Impossible to start a match after 1AM due to no-one playing this game.
- A griefer’s heaven. Why? There is no vote kick or any way to lock a spot on your team. If you have the misfortune to not actually have 4 people available to play, you are at the mercy of the 1 random person who gets matched with your team forcibly. This one person has a multitude of ways to screw over the team: stealing all healing items, using molotovs to set your own team’s car on fire, using grenades to hurt your own team’s car, using mines to hurt your own team, using the crossbow or the rpg to hurt your own team or (and this is the best part) getting angry over not getting a special weapon like the crossbow and taking the ammo into his own inventory even if someone else has the crossbow. Note that the person who actually has the weapon cannot take the ammo into their own inventory and use it, only the ones without the weapon can take it and make it unavailable for the person who has it. If the randomer ends up as the driver he has plenty of new ways to troll. These people are more common than you’d think and seem to be playing this mode solely for this purpose.
- The unwinnable match. If you play 10 matches, about 3-4 out of those matches are unwinnable by default. Not because of the skill of your team but because of the system not registering the destruction of a team if they have a 2000ping ftp player connecting while they died. This leads to you being alone in the safe zone with no-one to kill, yet the system says there is still one person/team alive besides you.
- The 2000 ping players. Again, there is no vote kick or any way to get this person off your team. If you play with 2 friends 8 times out of 10 your last team mate is this person. Why is it a problem then? I’ll tell you. After you spawn, you need to change the driver if your team has a person that always drives. But if someone is still connecting, you cannot change the seats. Odds are you end up driving around half the match with the randomer still connecting. Again one of those awesome things brought to us by making the game ftp.
- The quality of the player base. I didn’t mention this on the normal Battle Royale because it’s not a bother there but in Car Royale it is. Team games are a great way to meet new gamers like yourself, make friends and hone your teamwork skills. This game has nothing but ftp players left. This means people without steam profiles, microphones, teamwork skills or even the ability to connect into the match.

The game has been going downhill for a long time due to many of the reasons I’ve stated above and people have spoken out. Just look at the reviews (even before the game went ftp).
And how does Daybreak answer the gamers? By reverting back to the old map? No. By changing the shooting mechanics back to how they used to be? No. 
They answer by releasing more items. And crates. And hoodies that cost 16 euros. And Weapon skins that cost 10 euros. 

Daybreak will never get another cent from me. 
Disrespecting your own game and your player base like this is like disrespecting the entire gamer culture. Gamers can see when a developer develops for the money and not for the love of the game. And this is why this game is dead. Time to move on.

08/03/2018 - After Daybreak said their game would never be F2P, because they had 2 teams, one working on KotK and the other on Just Survive, today they decided to make it F2P. Because of their promises I bought the game to play with my friends, now they give ''loot'' that my friend told me can't even be sold in the steam store, to everyone that bought the game. Daybreak didn't know how to do business management back in day and they still don't know to this day. Stay away from this game even after becoming F2P...

22/02/2017 - Before telling you why the game is a no go, I have to say that I enjoy playing it with my friends its a lot a fun, we have a lot of PVP action and funny moments, but this game is glitchy as fuck. I will be naming the pros and cons just so you can make a decision for yourself.(*In my opinion* If you don't have any friends to play with don't buy it...)

PROS:

-The PVP is quite good and comparing to other BR games, its the best out there,
-If you have friends it can be an emerging experience and a lot of fun.
-The gun mechanics are somewhat cool.
-The variety of items in the game, even though there are barely some, have some use and you will most likely like them.
-Car mechanics are somewhat decent.
-A lot of places to loot.

CONS: (Im starting from the glitches that happen from the loading screen untill we are on the arena)
-When entering the game if you have a bad connection so many glitches will happen, like not having a parachute, landing under the map, landing and then 2 seconds into the game dying to the environment, etc...
-Sometimes while trying to enter a car you will receive a message saying ''Something is in the way'' and you won't be able to enter.
-Jumping from a 2 feet rock will make you lose HP.
-Some players either are hacking or have an amazing aim, you will see this since they hit you from over 100 meters, every single shot and this is annoying because if you stop to shoot at them you miss every shot when on the other hand they hit every single one.
-When you shoot at someone, and you are sure you tagged him, after he kills you, sometimes you will see his HP at 0 but he will still be running and jumping.
-Entered a jip, waited for my friend he entered aswell, turned on the engine pressed W to go foward and died to ''Disconnect''.
-The bombs dropped from the plane are bad since the day I bought this game which was over a year now, if they drop on top you you probably won't die unless you have like 10 HP.
-There is a rank system which im not even sure if you play against your own rank. (I was on the worst one Silver V and saw guys that would hit someone 100 meters away and 2 tap them).
-There is a level system which every 5 levels you get an unlocked case and you can open them to get some clothes, we should get cases every level because on the higher ones it becomes a grind to level up.
-When you finish in the top 10 you get nothing, you only win something if you bet on yourself free coins which after finishing in top 15 (I think) gets you skulls to unlock the limited clothes they have on the skull shop, and it only has like 10 cosmetics.

***SIDE NOTE***

The developers of this game are the worst, they only care about your money. After buying the game from SONY they decided to split the game (H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill) this was the most stupid business stunt I have ever seen in my life (Since now Just Survive has pretty much no interest to them). They did this to have a team working on Just Survive and another team working on KOTK, LOL, since Just Survive is getting little to no updates I don't think they are putting much effort into it. KOTK is pretty much a carnival party at this point, all you see is players dressed up in a huge amount of colors that make them look like fucking clowns. The KOTK game became a pay-2-dress and everytime they update the game we only see cases, little tweaks to guns and no major/game breaking glitches getting fixed. You pay 20$ (or 10$ on sale) to play a game that its main focus is who looks the prettiest. Or pay 20$ (or 10$ on sale) for Just Survive to play a game that has basically no updates and the dev team doesn't really care about. In my opinion you shouldn't buy the game but after what you read you make your own decision.
A perfect battle royale game killed by combat update which was released August 10th 2017. 

This game was slowly deminishing after pre-season 3 but the useless, pathetic and incompetant devs failed to see that. The development team have a mindset that "If we make it like PUBG, we will get more players" but what's the point when I can just play PUBG instead.

Countless players that have enjoyed playing this game enough to accumulate over 1000 hours are being ignored. One of the Combat Update features was making bullet drop non existant which just throws all that time and effort learning this game down the drain.

This was my favourite game and I used to be excited to play it... This game has come so far downhill which is just sad. 
 
Do not play this game at all cost until the devs stick to the true H1Z1 gameplay.
"Purchase H1Z1 recently? Refunds will be provided by Steam in accordance with its refund policy." - Steam won't give you any refunds, checked that today.

So they made the game F2P just ONE WEEK after its release, without noticing anyone. Imagine you bought it on launch, played for 2.5 hours or so. That's it, you're fucked, your 20$ are gone (and I bought it for 9.99$ when it was in Early Access).

Now they're milking it with the Freemium model, and there's already a 100$ DLC. You don't create all this in just one day or so, it was all planned. An elaborate scam. NEVER buy a game from Daybreak.
200K Players online anytime. Top Games on Twitch chart. Battle Royale was a fresh style. Season 1 to 3. Long ago, these 4 words used to describe H1Z1 : King of the Kill. But then Fortnite and PUBG attacked. Only Daybreak coul save H1Z1 from the attack, but when the world needed them the most. Their brain vanished.
H1Z1 is a Battle Royale game that started off great, but sadly lost it's mojo during the Early Access stage.

The game started of as H1Z1: King of the Kill (Aka KOTK) but was later changed to just H1Z1 as the survival version of the game was renamed from H1Z1: Just Survive to Just Survive.

Last week the game finally left Early Access after quite a long time, to put in perspective, Playerunknown's Battlegrounds was launched into Early Access long after H1Z1 was, and yet managed to leave Early Access about 3 months earlier. And it comes to no surprise, while PUBG has done a great job updating the game regulary, H1Z1 has had very slow updates, at times it felt like they didn't really add anything for up to 6 months. And to be honest, I get the feeling that they simply were pretty lazy, because prior to PUBG and Fortnite, H1Z1 was on top of the charts with a large and growing player base, but then PUBG came along and changed that. 

It's not until now that big things has started to happen with H1Z1, because now they have to compete with both PUBG and Fortnite which more or less has taken oven the world at this point. The latest big addition came when the game left early access, a gamemode called "Autoroyale" which as it sounds, is battle royale strictly using cars. The game mode was actually surprisingly fun, so I have to give them that. 

Now, as the playerbase started to fade away for H1Z1 they took the bold move to make the game free to play, which in a way was needed to compete. BUT, the problem with this is the fact that they did it about a week after leaving and advertising that the game is finally out of Early Access, many people bought the game just a week ago and now they made the game free to play, which is a massive kick inbetween the legs to many consumers. And I'm pretty sure this was intentional. 

Putting things like slow development and somewhat questionable actions aside, the game does offer some fun both by yourself or with friends. It's by no means unplayable and can honestly be a fun and more "arcade-ish" take on the battle royale genre. And as the game now is free to play there is no reason why you shouldn't give it a go, since you don't have much to lose. But overall there are better options for battle royale games out there.
[h1]Do not purchase this game.  Do not support unethical price gouging.[/h1]

The developer has a long history of releasing buggy, unoptimized, and overall terrible games ripe with microtransactions, and this one is no different.  They LIED about it going free to play, and then split their game in half, doubling the total price before it's even out of Alpha. This is not okay! 

This change is nothing but a dirty cash grab.  Daybreak as a company has a track record of failure and will do [i]anything[/i] to try to get out of the red, and this is a prime example.

They haven't released a quality game in over 15 years.  With all due respect to their employees and their livelihoods, this company should have been abolished years ago.  It has been driven into the ground repeatedly by poor management, and compounded by lousy investments from both Sony and Columbus Nova.  

No one talks about it, but there is no guarantee this game will even be available to play in months, let alone years. In 2014 Daybreak (then SOE) reportedly lost Sony $60 million, and now just one year after being sold off, this is the kind of gouging they're trying to pull on customers.  Not enough red flags for you? They've had multiple huge layoffs over the years, [u][url=https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/469drf/h1z1_splits_into_two_games_today_both_valued_at/d03yc1t] at times completely devestating their customer support and quality assurance teams.[/url][/u]

If your battle royale itch needs scratching, I'd recommend [u][url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/252490/]Rust[/url][/u] or [u][url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/346110/]ARK[/url][/u]. Both games have survival and BR modes, both are backed by more committed developers that aren't just there to separate your money from your wallet.
Bought the ORIGINAL H1z1 back in 2015 - When it was a SURVIVAL GAME with just a battle royale mod that i did not care about. Then game split. Now the survival game that was renamed into "Just Survive" (and got almost completely neglected) will not survive. 

Pay something - get nothing in the end = Daybreak 

Do yourself a favour, don´t touch anything made by them !



Don´t touch anything that is made by this company  ! !  


I had +220 hours on H1Z1 before it was split. 

I will tell you what: The concept of BR was good. It was quick, full of people, very competitive, always gave you that rush. It was good for alpha, but then you started to notice something. 
- The map sucks. Its like if you had spent 2 hours on far cry 2 editor. No details at all. Same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vegetation brush everywhere. 
- 3 main weapons: shotgun, ar15 and ak47. So poor.
- Queues to play. Such long queues. Was it that expensive to buy more servers? Oh wait...thats what the next point kicks right in.
- Developers only care about money. For real. Updates only had small fixes like "ak now is a bit less powerful" or "car speed reduced" and all the rest was about 100 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins for which you have to buy keys and crates. Its such a rip off. Its an alpha game, for ♥♥♥♥s sake, and they charge you like millions for skins. Winning battle royale only gives you horrible loot which is absolutely worthless, because, of course, they do not want you to get cool content by winning and proving yourself to be good, no, they want you to spend more moneyz in their alpha game which will never be completed except for the fantastic crate&key system. They even have their in-game money. Why? So they can control the price of keys. It would be fatal for them if people could sell keys or crates.
Its so disgusting to see that as soon as they get some fame, they instantly forget about the game and start looking for all kinds of ideas to rip you off. It bothered me so hard that my ingame name in DayZ SA is "H1Z1Sucks".
Seriously, only buy this game if all you care is about BUYING content that otherwise you would get for free. In addition (but last) their ♥♥♥♥in brilliant bussinessmen came up with the idea of splitting the game in two, so that instead of having one alpha game with two game modes, they had 2 broken alpha games for each 20€. And the worst is, they tried to make us believe it was because "they wanted to focus more". 

Oh, and as I write I remember another thing, the "Green Battle royal" or whatever it was called. They realised people only played for the BR mode, so they thought "Hey, could we charge them for playing BR mode? Oh yea we can, but lets disguise it as a new mode with extra luxury weapon skins". Then you win the br green and you check your AR15 skin and realise they only put 30 seconds in sprayin some green ♥♥♥♥♥♥ brush over the model. ♥♥♥♥in brilliant.
The original H1Z1 was actually a zombie / exploration game and the devs just randomly shut it down recently. i spent money on that and for it to transform into some disgusting copy paste battle royal is extremely insulting and a betrayal of what i was originally promised as a customer.
1.) Devs trolling players with usless content no one asked about and skin crates.
2.) Devs dont work with playerfeedback.(see #1)
3.) Devs posting fakenews about the game("esport rdy" e.g.)
4.) Devs organizing faked lan tournamets and posting polished videos days later without bugs and with imaginary nice performance no player ever saw ingame by himself.(lol)

there is not much positve to say, all in all its a big dissapointment from developer side.


Started out with really good potential, but was quickly squandered due to profiteering from the developer's parent company. Endless crate releases for in-game purchases instead of fixing bugs, adding content, or addressing server issues like hitreg and desync. Players from other regions use VPNs to connect to NA servers, and effectively ruin the competition. Movement is clunky, guns are inconsistent, and explosives don't work. This is a solid case for "come back when it isn't early access, and maybe then it'll be good. maybe."
The fact of the matter is this is a awesome concept and scratches the right itch I had as a competitive gamer, however, Day Break Games seem to value gimick releases over actually fixing the game they have. This game has been in Early Access for years now and it still plagued by Blocker level bugs that just never get fixed. 

Please, vote with your dollar by spend it elsewhere. As much as I would love to see this game succeed, I cannot recommend you purchase it at this time. I firmly believe the money will not go to support this title and just be wasted by the Studio Heads who on Glassdoor are portrated as unquailified and not concerned with making great games but making a dollar.
Do not waste your money on this game. Biggest regret i have for a game in recent memery. Not only that they took a unfinished early access game and split in into 2 different parts. Then they Sold each part for the original cost of the Original game(amazing). We as gamers NEED to have some self control(include myself) and stop buying this crap.

2/10 would not buy again
You killed the game! I was one of the first when you guys released in 2015. You guys dont listen to your community you just sit on your asses and ignore everyone. Ill never buy another game from this company again. Continue to bury yourself. Dumbasses!
this game was one of the best BR games back in the day, but now has fallen. H1 was a great game until they changed and changed the weapons damage. everytime they heard from a stream that a weapon needs to be nerfed they nerfed it yet it didn't need to be. the game today is not play able because there are not alot of people playing the game so goodluck finding people that are noobs and not pros. :D
Steam trophy award 2016 for the buggiest game ever

EDIT 8 april:
OMG they finally made an update! But don't worry, it's only because battleground went out!
EDIT 16 april:
Nice update: This game is now lagging as fuck
Do not buy this game, the company split its shit early access game and crapped this out.  They will never deliver on the games they promise, never buy a daybreak game.
This game was good before the combat update. When you ruin the whole game with new sounds, new weapons, new movements and new mechanics it's not wierd this game is going downhill. And the worst part is that there are full of cheaters in this game. You have zero controll of cheaters in this game and you are not doing anything to fix it. All the time I have put in this game for nothing. Game after game you get killed by cheaters, a bug, or simply someone frome china with 280 in ping. This game had such great potential but is now going to an end. Bye bye Daybreak, you incompetent useless bunch of morons.
Wish they issued refunds from when the game was $20 and I purchased it, because this H1Z1 is not the H1Z1 I purchased around 2016. The game was perfect, and the "Combat Update" ruined the game. Movement and gun control is now lackluster and unenjoyable.

R.I.P H1Z1.
Thank you Daybreak for giving me another opportunity to give a bad review. 

Seriously though, from day 1 H1Z1 has hardly improved. There has been some 'stuff' added but they spend all their time on releasing [crates] skins for the kids. How about improving the combat mechanics and give us a game that is about PvZ and not PvK (players vs. kids). 

H1Z1: King of the Kill. The best copy/paste game of all time.
Money grabbing company... Bugs go unfixed for months, if not a whole year. Sweep them under the rug for untradable crates which is bogus to begin with.

Fun game at times, but it could be much, much better if greed wasn't a factor.
i pay for this and now its free ! I also pay for the just survive and now they shut down the game ! F*ck off Daybreak it's your last game i bought !!!!!!!
Having played a lot of Battle Royal in H1Z1 (before they split the game), I can say this game mode is pretty fun. But, it is just ONE game mode. So, ask yourself if it is worth buying a 20€ game for just ONE gamemode, a gamemode previously part of another game!?

-----

Daybreak claims that they will be adding more gamemodes, but that's yet to be seen. We don't know what gamemodes or how many will be added. Reading the early acces page they claim to add additional gamemodes and game rules. Judging the history of this game/development, I would not be supprised if they only add slight variations of the ONE gamemode Battle Royal.

Before the split, there already where 3 variants of this game mode, you had one without zombies, one with zombies and one with special rewards for winning! This last mode was behind a cash wall and you need to buy tickets for real hard cash to join this mode.

Technicly they could say they have 3 gamemodes. Then you have the same game with team of 2, or team of 5 players. So there you have it, 5 gamemodes! :P

We have to wait and see what the new gamemodes are, if any are added!

Ask yourself, knowing this, is ONE gamemode still worth 20€?

-----

Let's inform you some more, because this game has a rocky history with many claims that never became reality!

They ones claimed to NEVER add pay2win mechanics to this game, then airdrops where added to survival mode that gave you food, water, weapons and ammo! Airdrops are behind a paywall from real hard cash! Though they changed the way this works but still ...

They claimed this game would become free2play ones released. Guess what, it's 20€ with additional supply crates and cosmatic microtransactions! Even payed gamemodes like the Battle Royal variant (Green Dawn) and airdrops for ingame loot.

Again, ask yourself, is this game worth 20€, with possible new gamemodes behind cash wall, with micro transactions and many broken promises?

Then the worst part, the recent split of H1Z1 into two games. 

This game, King of the Kill, was part of the original H1Z1. You had survival servers and Battle Royal servers! Now you have the survival game, 20€ and the battle royal game for another 20€! And what would happen if say a new gamemode is added to King of the Kill, which becomes very popular, will they split agian? Who knows!?

This split would not be the worst of things, if they cut the price in half. Would be fair since they cut the game in half but nope, now you pay 2x20€ for something that ones was 1x20€, for something that ones was promised to be free2play!

Also, remember you now need to pay double for microtransactions. Getting a new piece of clothing from a microtransaction was universal availible for all servers and gamemodes. Now, if you want that same piece of clothing be prepared to buy the same item twice!!!

Knowing all of this, ask yourself is ONE gamemode worth 20€?

-----

With this out of the way you might want to know if this ONE gamemode is fun and yes, I said I have lots of fun with this gamemode. So let's get into that!

You spawn with around 150 other players on a large open map. Everyone drops down from the sky with a parasute. It's now time to land as fast as you can, so you can be the first to loot weapons, ammo, backpacks and more. So you can be the first to blast others in the face.

After a few minutes a savezone is drawn on your map, because toxic fog will be released and slowly drive you towards the savezone. This mechanic is fun and usefull to drive the remaining players towards the same spot.

Though there is only ONE map it's big enough to be fun for a long time. Mainly because a lot of things are random. Not the map itself but your spawn location is random, weapon spawns are random and the savezones are random. One match ends in an urban location and another on top of the mountains.

All seems good, but there is also a lot wrong with the game and it's mechanics!

Spawning for example! You don't spawn at the same time as your enemies. It depends on your loading time, internet connection and random bad luck (sometimes the game takes 2 or 3 times longer to load). This means people with faster hardware and internet connection land faster, getting guns fasters and thus have an increased change to win!

Next problem is that hitbox detection and netcode are so random. With a bit of bad luck you can shoot somebody in the head for multiple times without them dieing. While other times you one hit kill them.

Same with the shotgun, it's spread pattern is random. So you can almost get sniped from long distance with a shotgun while other times you can't hit/kill somebody at close range! And it's all luck, or badluck depending how it ends!

On top of that there aren't many weapons and in the end it comes down to AR15 for long range, shotgun for close range. Perhaps the AK47 (though it got nerved) or if you are lucky the hunting rifle (sniper that only drops from airdrops). All the other weapons are just useless compared to the above, so bows, crossbows and pistols are ignored! You only use them if they are the first weapon you can find early game.

-----

Eventhough this gamemode is a lot of fun, even with all it's flaws, I can't recommend it to anyone! Specially knowing that this ONE gamemode was part of another game!

Perhaps if they fix the core issues (spawning, hitbox detection, etc) and add more gamemodes AND lower the price to 10€ or less, then and only then it might become worth it!

For now, it's a big NO NO. Not recommended!
This game was off to a rocky start and continued doing so, bullet reg was rediculous at point blank range with weapons and the bullet drop was horrendous. They never fixed their issue with the game of the FPS and they screwed over the people who played this game for the PVE aspect of it via Just Survive. They also expect you to REFUND THROUGH STEAM which is impossible to do via the fact it's over 2 hours of gameplay you can't refund anymore. You also can't refund if you bought it during when it was double pack. Daybreak should be refunding people personally themselves as there were crates to be bought before they ended their Just Survive without telling people they were closing servers.
Trust the bad reviews. 


I had several hundred hours before they "split" the game (effectivly lowering productivity by 50% and breaking several parts of the game) because i hoped and prayed that semi-frequent updates were a good sign. They wernt.

Between the cheaters, glitches and all around incompletness of the game after....however many years now, i can not recommend anyone to play this game. Rather than fixing these issues, they release more microtransactions. Another example of incompetancy was when they finally claimed to fix 1 pre-game bug that was a little annoying (exploding car/tombstone); then before even releasing said update, decide to do away with the whole lobby system instead for apperantly having some massive internal revelation of a better way to have a pregame lobby.

 If you dont see why this is an issue, then youre probably dumb enough to play this game. This game is spinning its wheels and going absolutely nowhere. They still have the same handful of items since launch (their wiki lies and says 660, but they include airdrop tickets, emotes, and shl tty variations of the same item; like backpacks). 

And the worst thing? China has got their hands on it, which is the coalmine canary of video games. Anyone over the age of 15 knows that once the chineese start playing a game enmasse, its days are numbered.

The company is run by morons and my harddrive feels lighter for doing away with it.
I idled for five minutes in the login in screen to tell you to not buy this game. 

I played H1Z1 prior to the split in games, and it wasn't worth the $20 then, and that's when it included survival and BR.  The game runs like garbage, and now the devs are going against their promise for the game to eventually free to play, and rather splitting their games in hopes of getting more money.

It's a disgusting business practice, and I urge you to not support it.
Since the split, the game 9/10 times crashes on startup for me. when start up works, i spend 10 minutes waiting for a game in a lobby. While wating the game either crashes or places me into a completely random game, disregarding the party i queued with in the lobby.The one time I made it all the way into a game with my friends, my framerate was severally more unstable then it was before the update splitting the game. The frames stuttered like my 1200$ pc was actually a 200$ laptop. This game is now broken and i will be opting out of the new updated version that brought two seperate games. I wish i could refund, as i did not buy H1Z1 Kotk or H1Z1 Just survive. I bought H1z1, a survival/battle royal game that was working its way to F2P and availability on Xbox, PS4, and PC. Instead Ive gotten a sluggish, DAYZ developement team who makes DAYZ-esque updates and slowly chokes out each and every member of the community that used to enjoy the game, who makes a F2P game 40$ and makes a skin market because 40$ isn't enough money for them to not positively develop a simple survival genre game.
Played this a ton on PS4 and it was extremely lacking, even after release.

Tried it out here and there were zero available games/teams and constant empty lobbies in the Oceania servers.

Used to watch this game years ago when it first released; I would download 30 minute full game videos from youtube at school as I lived in rural Australia and had no internet at home to even watch streams/youtube let alone be able to play.

Just sad to see this is how the game turned out after so long. 2019. built my first gaming PC and the first BR game I ever saw is not playable. Rip
Pretty upset that i purchased this game way back in 2015 to play a SURVIVAL game. They then offered battle royal and gave us a separate game called "just survive" as sort of the PVE. But then the survival game which i wanted in the first place has been brought down and they didnt leave us even a local PvE game they just made it useless and made the game unplayable. so they put everything into "h1z1" which has just turned into the Free to Play PC PUBG which is a kick in the nuts because i paid for a survival game with crafting and building and im left with a pubg clone that everyone else got for free. On this principle alone i purchased pubg after a few rounds of seeing what this game turned into and i have not played it since. It felt wonky and even more unpolished than PUBG (and im talking about over a year ago) and large engagements with multiple enemies would always get choppy on me no matter how good my internet and ping was. They may have made it better over the past year being the free PUBG but i am just too in the lack of support the original game received and nothing was given to the people that actually paid for the game. SHIT MOVE BY THE DEVS SORRY
The devs really dropped the ball on this one. The game was really fun at one point. The bugs were annoying but, added a bit of charm. Now, There are so many better options because H1 lost its identity, Maybe it never had one to begin with and it was the only option out there. For a FTP game, it is a option for people to get their feet wet in Battle Royals but..... Fortnite and Apex are clearly better options. It is sad but, there is no point to play this game anymore honestly. RIP H1Z1, Thank you for introducing me to the Battle Royal format that was stolen from a arma mod lol.
these devs are total scum. i originally bought a survival game for 20 dollars they removed the survival into a seperate title abandoned us and made their shit battle royal free to play. as their name suggests they release broken titles and dont give a fart about their players. id suggest you pass on this one... and any other Daybroken game company products.
This game is a buggy mess i played about two games which had about 12 people in both of them combined and had enough many mobile battle royale games are much better i thought when i downloaded this game i would be treated to the old h1z1 that many loved and cherished but that game is gone and there isnt a way to play it which im sure many are sad about
long time ago i bought the survival one and i had so many expensive skins and then the BR one...i wasetd my money!i just droped them in toilet(both h1z1) and flushed the tanker....dont do my mistake!my skins worth like 40USD and the game is already expensive on its oiwn dont do the same mistake we did......
I downloaded this not knowing they removed Zombies, so im disappointed, 

Before i downloaded this game, i watched lots of videos from before they removed zombies, and when it went Free To Play, I downloaded it, because it looked pretty cool

And now i have a bad game i will NEVER play sitting in my library.
BRING BACK JUST SURVIVE YOU HAD IT GOING BEFORE DONT LET IT END BRING IT BACK PLZ IWLL RECOMMEND PEOPLE TO ORDER JUST SURVIVE GAME THAT WAS THE SHIT NOT THIS H1Z1 BATTLE ROYAL
Screaming to the Wind... is more productive it seems...

Massive depression set in when H1Z1 "Just survive " shut down the PVE servers.
Please Bring them Back...  Please Devs..  

There is alot of players who just enjoyed base building.. and the environment Survival  aspect of H1Z1.

 Adding Content like personal skins for items and cars, and whatever,
is a good way to make money...
 I'm sure a lot of players would buy custom skins for their jeep or truck..

To just bury a successful survival game and leave all the supportive fans hanging.. isn't good business.


One of the worst battle royale games ever. PUBG, Fortnite, Apex Legends, BO4, Ring of Elysium, Cuisine Royale were all better. But the only game that tops all of them is Minecraft Hunger Games. Da Fuq you say to me you little bitch? It isn't the best game? I will banish you to the Nether and steal of your diamonds you fool.
Does anyone remember when this game was actually good when it was released years ago it was a multiplayer zombie survival open world. That game is gone now. 

Yes lets rip off our players and completely change the entire game they payed for into something else and then make it free. 

The history of this game is really shady...

Name changes, pretty sure the original company sold the game or something like that, splitting the game in two, going free2play, then of course shutting down the original survival game. Did I miss anything lol.

I feel sorry for the players who at least want the ability to host their own servers or the very least singleplayer.

It should be illegal what they did to this game!
games dead on US servers.... didnt try any other server. played about 7-8 games and in every game there was only 3-6 people in a match... would not recommend
I had previously given H1Z1/Just Survive a good review; however since the Dev team decided to remove the version of the game I bought, and wanted to play; I am going to change my review until the problem is fixed. Additionally, since Daybreak seems to only want peoples money, I would suggest stearing clear of any of Daybreak's games until theyt change their policies.
Contains a crapware called "BattlEye" that you'll have to remove manually (no uninstaller  is provided, and uninstalling H1Z1 via the Steam client will NOT remove it)
don't recommend this game at all. Just like any other boring game that has no meaning. even the way it looks is not special. sorry but i just didn't like it at all.
Hello, 

I do not recommend this game, and this came from a person who invested 900+ hrs in this game. The community is down because of the lack of interest developers put in this game. Shame on you and shame on what this game was or what it could became. 

0 stars and I'm deleting it from my steam.
Played for an hour, but there was consistently less than ten people per game. You get into matches fairly quickly, but end up waiting an extra minute because the game waits until 100 people join, only to play against 5 or 6 other people. It compensates for the small player count by severely limiting the area people spawn in, resulting in you being unable to explore the rest of the map.
today i back to download this old game..and do some training before play...wtf ini training mode have a cheater too lol....and he can fly thats so beautiful...after this comment i uninstall this game thx hgahaha
Almost 1k hours in this game. Used to be an amazing game around pre-season 3 and 4. Went downhill after the combat update and even went down more. Hopefully gets better in the future but playing it now isn't worth the time. Would I recommend this game? I'm in between cause right now it's horrible. I would wait.
This game SUCKS who's the moron who thought this up...... You should be fired or just think about quitting gaming as a whole because your ideas are plain garbage I mean jeese just look at the reviews on your game and you got no one too blame but yourself's... No depth.. boring game play.. no exploration.... Enough said 0 out of 10......Get thrown into this tiny boring A$$ map like a death match... Fast-Paced is what killed your game.... FREE OR NOT DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME OR THIS DEV TEAM THEY HAVE LET DOWN MANY MANY PEOPLE..(Should be named the ''Break Game Company'')... I lasted a whole 10 mins in your sh!t game I mean MAN that's pretty bad..... But it goes too show just how bad this game is....
Ok wow i feel very scammed and betrayed. I payed for a zombie survivalgame and got a f2p battlegayal for that...
anyone knows if there is any chance to get a refund for this shit? because no matter how u turn it, letting ppl pay money for a promise ur making and then completely ignoring it is not a really ok thing to do.
Complete waste of money. Spent good money on this when it was in early access. Thanks for scamming me after you removed the singleplayer for no reason. Made the crappy battle royale (THAT THEY HAVEN'T CHANGED AT ALL SINCE LAUNCH BESIDES GUN BALANCING AND GARBAGE SKINS) free to play. Thanks alot daybreak. Really appreciate you taking my money and then making it free to play. Thanks a fucking alot. I just love getting royally screwed in my butt for being a consumer.
I bought this game a while back, literally never touched the game as I got it.

The game is literally dead and waste of your time. I generally play zombies or whatever but they seem to be dead too. Not worth your money. 

