I first downloaded this game on February 22, 2012. It was my first valve game, my first steam game, and also my first real computer game. I played just about every day. I went from not understanding a thing, to thinking pyro was the strongest, and then figuring out that rocket jumping was a thing. I discovered the community servers button and spent  time playing wacky game modes. Jailbreak, ballon races, slenderman, deathrun, and a lot more. I found out about a map called turbine and found a server close by that ran it 24/7. I played on that server almost every day until the day it closed. I met so many people that I talked to all the time and played some tf2 with. Some of them I still call my closest friends today. I listened to numerous sob stories of several veteran players, about how "it  was better when I first started playing", yet they were still playing. I would even try out trading  for profit. That would lead me to the unusual I still treasure to this day. I even tried my hand at non-valve competitive. There I found out the true divide between casual and comp players. I decided I would try to take it more seriously. I led a team that only won one game. (The one game that I wasn't in) I played pugs, watched streams, watched matches, practiced my movement, grinded mge, and still sucked.

I remember when valve first added quickplay. I remember the mvm player surge. I rememeber the free to play update. I can remember every single time that people said that made the game worse, yet we kept playing.  I remember the gun mettle update. "The last good one." I remember the tough break update. All the hysteria with balance changes. I remember the meet your match update, and how that "killed tf2." And finally, I remember the jungle inferno update and how it was a step in the right direction but ultimately underwhelming. 

But eventually it got to me. There comes a point where you don't put up with the crap any more. Enough was enough. I was put off by tf2 because of how much it was neglected. The lack of valve's communication, their shameful approach to their comp system, how they view community competitive tf2, and eventually my loss of interest.

Tf2 would go on to leave a sour after taste in my mouth. I liked playing it, but every time I finished playing it would spiral me further and further down into a pit of desperation. I wanted so badly for others to love tf2 as much as I did, but not even the company responsible for making this game would. 

It really sucks too. This game is an awesome experience. It deserves more attention. People 
 need to get passed the fact its old. Non-valve competitive deserves more popularity and should've really taken off as a major e-sport. The community servers deserve more players so more people can experience the true fun experience you get from meeting others. 

Tf2 is well passed its prime, its golden age, and its time in valve and the public's spolight. That won't change the way I feel about it. I still hope for a resurgence. Call me crazy, but I don't think this game will every truly die. You can take away quick play, release "better" games of the same type to compete with it, cast off this game because of its age, but I will never ever give up my hope.

This game is so much more deserving of a plain old thumbs up from me. Saying I completely reccommend this game is an understatement. This game is the most incredible multiplayer experience you can have. And it's free! But for now, I think I'll just move on.

"Team Fortress 2 is a timeless masterpiece." ~LazyPurple

Thank you so much Team Fortress 2 and Valve for filling my life with an incredible experience that I will carry with me til the day I die.
ive done it all
played before mann co
played casual 
played comp
played surf
got my first unusual 
got scammed for my unusual 
wasted my life on most orange servers 
spend 900+ hours as sniper (always increasing)
i dont think ive played heavy yet
and ive probably been dropped around 1000 - 100000 crates :P 
it never gets old
A year ago I was playing this game, why? Because a friend recommended it to me, five months later he died for the cancer he had, his mother give me his PC and the next day they went to live somewhere else, since that day I occupy his Steam account and I still play TF2 to remember those moments I played with him, I still think what would happen if he continued to live, playing with me ...
I do know but since I started playing TF2 I am happy that a friend who died recommended this to me.



i still remember him...
In a land a long, long time ago, Team Fortress 2 would be a critically acclaimed first person shooter. Boasting its colorful characters against the dreary palette of the Badlands, this game offered to many a wonderful experience. Later updates would add cosmetics, weapons, and a ton of other things to sink your teeth into. Some of those updates are not as well viewed by the community as others, like the addition of crazier and crazier hats. In recent years, the community has felt somewhat negatively towards the team of developers and their updates for this game. Though, there is something important to remember...

We first saw those deranged mercenaries nearly ten years ago! This game has been alive and kicking for a long time, and I doubt that you will soon see a day where these nine mercs aren't defying laws of physics, common sense, and sometimes all laws in general. You won't find many other games with a soviet in love with a 300 pound minigun that he just lugs around like it's nothing. Nor will you find a quick-witted, caffeine-fueled Bostonian who dances around the battlefield, dodging rockets and bullets like a madman. This game is very outlandish, and incredibly enjoyable. Even after years and years of pushing a payload down a track to blow up the enemies... people want to come back, because although there's some basis and objectives for the game modes, you never play the same game twice. Every match is a total surprise. Even competitively, the 9 classes and variety in what you can play with, it will give you a new experience almost every time you play.

Years of pushing a cart filled to the brim with explosives is a hard task. Thankfully, there are new faces, hats to wear, weapons to try, and a new experience to be had every single day.
My hours. help.

I wrote something for real!

These hours are legit, I played this game a lot in the past to avoid some tragic stuff in real life. I was young and didn't really have my gaming consoles anymore because of my brothers and I had a really bad pc, which i still own. TF2 was one of the games i could play pretty well on this pc but with horrid graphics, but it was one of the more fun games I installed. I met some real cool and nice people on this game as well as people who i plan to keep by my side. The community back then was more humble compared to nowadays. You have competitive gamers who spam their bind keys with unfunny/gross jokes and very obnoxious people who are either yelling at you or telling you to do specific things to win the game. When really, it doesn't even matter if you win or lose.  However, you also have those people who are really awesome and you may meet some nice friends along the way! Although you never know what kinda person you're going to meet on this game. In my honest opinion, if you want to have a game to just waste time on (and money) or just mess around with people you know (which is what I do now), this is perfect. Esspecially the mann vs. machine co-op. I mainly play that now. Although to me, the game lost its touch, update wise, and I moved onto other games. 

I believe it's worth a shot to try it out but other than that, I'd keep it as a casual game. I don't think the competitive scene is worth getting into anymore because it's being flooded by crude people. Atleast from my experiance after over about 4+ years of playing it just got worse and worse. You will eventually be tied into drama even if you try to avoid it. You'll be more stressed than actually having fun, I'll tell you that!

Although in all seriousness, this game is losing its touch and probably isn't worth making it your main game MAINLY because the updates they've been releasing are becoming very dull and not as great as they used to be. BUT, it's a great game to just play to pass the time and have fun! All you'll really notice nowdays is...people really love to trade more than actually play. Living off as a free to play would be very tough and you'd need to be patient with items you would want, unless you got that MONEY! Hope this helps.


One last thing, I am not saying this game is bad in any way. I am saying that it's worth trying and playing with friends, or even meeting people! Although there are some downsides that you won't like, such as some stuff I pointed out above. Strictly towards the community. I personally think you should have this game as a side game rather than your come home to play sorta thing. Have it as a once in a while game, because it's nothing to be big about, unless you really do not like most of the millions of other games out there. 

Just give it a shot and see what you think! Have fun <3
[h1] This is the cycle of every [i] Team Fortress 2 [/i] player ever: [/h1]

> Download the game.
> Enter your first match.
> Realize you don't know what you're doing.
> Die repeatedly.
> Just before you rage, you find the Ghastly Gibus hat.
> Since all the pro players have cool-looking hats, you are inspired.
> Die repeatedly in different game modes.
> Discover that you are getting a lot of kills as Pyro.
> Be mentally violated by other players calling you a "f2p gibus pyro".
> Get slightly better at the game.
> Die repeatedly.
> Leave the game.

*6 months later.*

> Start to discover TF2 videos on YouTube.
> Realize that there are more classes than just Pyro and Sniper.
> End up wanting to be a pro non-Pyro like all the cool YouTubers.
> Return to Team Fortress 2.
> Die repeatedly.
> Claim that you 'main' Pyro.
> Walk at people and light them on fire mindlessly for a few weeks. Or months.
> Start getting a good K/D ratio on a different class. (If it's Soldier, you can go die.)
> Succumb to peer-pressure and buy hats.
> Discover the Steam community market and buy more hats for less.
> Feel your skill strangely growing as you get more hats.
> More kills. Less deaths.
> You begin to discover the passive players of TF2. (Sandvich hoovies, spycrabs, box shpees, etc.)
> Develop a kindness and sense of friendship towards your fellow TF2 players.
> Start to top-score more often.
> You begin to care about the state of the game.
> Realize that Pyros are overpowered and pointless.
> Start to hate Pyros.
> Start to hate everyone.
> Start to hate the TF2 community.
> You hate everything and everyone, to the point where you start to kill passive players again.
> Ask yourself, "If I hate this game, why do I have ten unusuals and fifteen Australiums? What am I doing?"
> Look at your playtime and begin to hate yourself.
> You dislike yourself more than the game now.
> Contemplate suicide.
> Contemplate religion.
> Question the game.
> Binge-watch STAR_'s 2012-2013 TF2 videos to remind you of a simpler time.
> Sit down and think.
> Realize what you have become.
> Go into a mid-TF2 crisis.
> Except it's not mid-TF2 anymore. You have 1000 hours in-game.
> What is going on?
> WHAT IS TEAM FORTRESS 2?
> WHY DOES THE LIGHT LIE TO ME?
> Quit TF2 forever.
> Come back to it in a week and die to a gibus sniper who taunts after kill.
> Kill yourself.

Or maybe that was just my experience.
Oh well.

10/10
you can be a tiny boston bagel that dodges every thing
you can be a patriotic psychopath that forced himself into WWII, and jumped around with rockets
you can be a guy that might be mexican
you can be a black dude that can either lunge at you with a sword or go boom boom
you can be a fat russian man with a sandvich and a minigun
you can be a texan that builds unbuildable stuff such as teleporters
you can be a german doctor that steals body parts
you can be an australian that throws pee in a jar
you can be a baguette terrorist

10/10, is good game
I've been playing Team fortress 2 Since the good ol' days before it became free to play, (I started back in 2nd february, 2010). Team fortress 2 has since then managed to come a long way while still holding the title as best free to play game.
Why would i recommend this game to anyone?, Well, I really don't know where to begin.

I've been spending alot of my life playing Team fotress 2, apparently over 4000 hours on it.
Ever since i got the game, i've been making tons of new friends from the casual servers as well as some of them friendly community servers. I tend to group up with my friends alot and have some fun within the casual and community servers.
The graphics of the game are simple, yet unique at the same time.
Team Fortress 2 has an OST made by a wide arrange of people.
Team fortress 2 also has a giant range of mods for people who like to try out a different experience in their games as well as the steam workshop support which allows the great big community of Team fortress 2 to also submit their creativity towards the game, Whether it comes in an Weapon, a hat, a Taunt, unusual effects or even maps as well. It's amazing to see the wonderful ideas that the community comes up with.
The Team fortress 2 community have designed multiple maps already with unique gamemodes which might give interests to the player if they'd like to try something out of the ordinary instead of just fighting.

When it comes to classes in the game, Valve had made 9 classes which all give the players a different playstyle that suits them as well as an unplayable 10th character known as the civillian.
You could be the scout, Fast and quite a big damage dealer for those with a good aim.
Could be a soldier, knowing how to rocket jump to get to the frontlines quick and fast. (i recommend all new solly mains to learn and practice this as it is really useful)
There is the pyro, a class which some hate but it also has some great uses such as keeping the spies away, can carry different weapons as well which can suit a players playstyle, whether they'd like to play Defensive, Offensive or even try to flank an enemy to kill them whilst they're not looking.
There is the Demoman, a class that is a great damage dealer and can also do his own explosive jumping using his sticky bombs.
There is the heavy, a class which owns up to its name, Moves slower than all the classes but makes up for this with its large amount of health, Can swap out its shotgun for something to heal it too.
The engineer, a class who builds buildings to support his team and also great on the defensive side too, placing sentries in key areas so the enemies cannot push through.
The medic, a class which isn't that common for people to main, Medic's can heal player to build something called an ubercharge, Once at 100%, This uber can be used many different ways depending on the mediguns, from invincibility to high damage dealing to just rapid healing instead.
The sniper, This class is a long range damage dealer, one that is deadly in the hands of a good aim as well as a well-timed headshot can kill any class if they've gone scoped long enough.
The spy, (Personally, this is the class i main), The spy is a jack of all trades class, He can go on the offensive, Defensive or Supportive, He is able to instant kill key targets with his butterfly knife with a successful backstab (Also known as a Balisong knife), This could take out medics, Snipers or just the annoying classes, He can use his sapper to sap engineer buildings which will then become disabled until they're either destroyed or the sapper itself is destroyed on the building.
Spies can also go on the defensive too, being able to backstab any progressing targets, whether its a heavy or pyro or medic, the spy always has you covered.
Don't want to fight others?, Well we still got you covered.
Team fortress 2 also has a gamemode known as Mann Vs Machine, ( a.k.a MvM for short), Which users can team up in groups of 6 (Or 10 on some community groups)
MvM has 2 versions of it, Mann Up and Boot Camp. Mann Up is for the people who like to pay to play for a chance at winning items whilst Boot Camp is like a practice Variant version, You can test out what Mann up would be like and what it is you'd have to face upon going into mann up.
Mann Up can earn the players unique rewards based upon the tour the player is doing.

Reasons i still play TF2 as of today:
+There is alot of people who test your skills in a fight, Only through fighting better opponents will your skill grow.
+Valve has managed to launch an VAC Wave, Killed off any aimbotters/Hackers who made the game unfair for others.
+Being able to play in the wide variety of custom gamemodes people have designed for it.
+Making new friends which i probably have too many right now x3
+Always meeting new foes, making new Rivals who i call a great friend too.
+You can always challenge yourself to do better in certain areas, Like rocket jumping, Trickstabbing as a spy, etc.
+Valve can almost patch any bug within days of it being found, certain bugs being fixed within an hour or 2 too!
+There are many communities based around TF2 which are friendly.
Reasons i might uninstall TF2?
-Can't think of any
-Very rarely finding a hacker or 2 on Thundermountain, but thats honestly about it.
But yes, Thats all i can think about to write within this Review. I'd always rate this game up.
Pissed away far too much money and time on this game. 
Rage quit after dying to random crits more times than I can count. 
Dragged down the only comp team I've played on.
Encountered so many hackers and toxic players.
Missed more shots than I've hit.
Frequently been told this game is dead.

Met many great people.
Completed a few jump maps.
Finished my dream set.
Got a few weapons to Hale's Own.
I'll still be playing until the last server closes.
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}--- 
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

---{Audio}--- 
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}--- 
☐ Kids
☐ Teens (Target audience)
☐ Adults (Target audience)
☑ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}--- 
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}--- 
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage 
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}--- 
☑ Nothing
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity

---{Story}--- 
☐ Doesnt have 
☐ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☑ Average (Including comics)
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ Will make u cry or smile alot

---{Game Time}--- 
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ Depends on u
☑ Endless

---{Bugs}--- 
☐ Never had any
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs 
☐ Can get annoying
☑ Ruining the game (Whenever a major update occurs)
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

~~~~Multiplayer~~~~ 

---{Salt Level}--- 
☑ Replaced with sugar
☐ Barely anything
☐ Balanced
☑ A bit of salt
☑ Salty
☐ Salt overload

---{Servers}--- 
☐ No issues
☑ Minor lags every few hours
☑ Can get laggy sometimes
☐ Oh the ping..
☐ Unplayable

---{Status}--- 
☑ Top
☐ Always some people around
☐ Not so easy to find people for the party
☐ You ll have to wait for anyone to join
☐ Barely any soul alive
☐ Dead like my insides

---{Matchmaking}--- 
☐ Depends on the host
☐ Brilliant
☐ Fair
☑ You might see much more experienced/stronger players
☑ Unbalanced
☐ Completely unfair
☐ Non-existing
(Inspired by Demonix's War Thunder reveiw. If any disagreements, please comment!)
The vicious cycle of Team fortress 2

First when you'll arrive in the game, you'll want Weapons, tons of them.

Then you'll see that everyone has hats, and you'll want these, a tons of them.

Then you'll realize that hats doesn't matter, only skill count, so you'll want a lot of skills, tons of them.

Then new weapons will be added, and you'll want them, all of them.

Then a new hat will be added and you'll want it, cause it'll be fancy on your main class.

Then you'll realize again, that you don't give a damn about hats, all is about is skill.

Then when you have waited for 3 years, new weapons will be added, and you'll want them.

And then you realize that you spent  like 2000 hours of your life for this, met great friends, and you'll have a server where's you feeling like home, and you discovered so much things via the community, it learnt you so much.

Then the rude reality of life, bring you on earth, and this game is here, Waiting for you to play 1,2,3... hours, and you'll be happy to see that all your good friend are still there.
Want to jump around like an annoying prick who can dodge literally anything that's thrown at him?

Want to use your ammunition to propel yourself across the map at incredibly high speeds and shoot a barrage of high powered rockets in the faces of your enemies?

Want to burn down the homes of those you hate and simultaneously think about unicorns and rainbows?

Want to operate highly explosive bombs and grenades while shouting like a drunk scottish man wielding a medieval sword?

Want to eat sandviches?

Want to carry your team by sticking a life saving device up other people's butts and become the center of attention because everyone either loves or hates your very soul?

Want to build aimbot guns that do all of the work for you while you sit in a chair and drink beer?

Want to be an MLG 360 noscope champion who throws piss at people?

Want to use invisible hacks and kill other players in just one hit by pretending you're one of their friends?

Then play TF2.
10/10 would wear a hat again.
I'm not one for easy and simple reviews, so if you don't want to read the entire history of me playing this game and just want me to get to the point:
[spoiler] Yes, Team Fortress 2 is worth playing (again). [/spoiler]
Now then, I started playing Team Fortress 2 in the year 2012 (In the Pyroland update), a friend of mine recommended it to me and told me that it was free-to-play. I was at first hesitant, it was my first ever real shooter, yeah I was rather new to PC gaming back then. But I downloaded it and just started playing with him. I was awful, of course. As a Gibus wearing, Pyroland exploring, free to play I had really no reason to be good. I then heard about one of my favorite youtubers playing the game and I just joined him. I exactly remember how it went, he was still rather small in comparison to now but I just wanted to talk to one of my idols. He accepted my friend request and we started trading and talking.
I am now a admin on his Steam group and a staff member of his Discord. Why do I bring this up? To display the kind of connection I have to the game, it made me meet my idol and befirend him and meet so many more likeminded people who loved the game. I then decided in 2013 to finally buy a Key within the MvM update and I was never so satisfied with a purchase in my life. I met many more people, some I'd today consider to be "assholes" and some that I still consider some of my best friends ever. This community and the love that many of it's members have for the game still astounds me. It was like a daily routine, always joining a pub server and having fun with a bunch of people.
Flash forward to 2015 and things don't look as good anymore. I started playing other games and my interest in the game fell. Sure, I'd join into a match or two or open a crate with some rest money I had left from a purchase, but really:
It was not the same anymore.
You'd get one or two updated every few months that added nothing more but cosmetics and maybe a weapon that sucked.
And in 2016 it happened, the "Meet your match" update.
Suddenly all of the interest I had left was gone. The matchmaking, the changes, the interface, it was all just bad and terribly handled. I went on to play more new stuff and TF2 was nothing more but a memory and I seperated myself from all of my friends that I got to know because of TF2.
In late 2016 I got an invite to a discord chat.
It was one of my old friends talking to me about a discord server for the Youtuber at the start. I joined and was instantly greeted with love and surprise, by a community I thought that had forgotten me. A bunch knew me, alot had heard of me, alot got to know me. While I was not completely back into the game, I finally felt welcome in a world that I started to believe was only there to kick me in the stomach. I felt good and even if I fell into depression or tough times, a few were there to help me.
Now back to TF2 (Can't believe I sidetracked so much): A month ago I got a message from a friend telling me about how great the new "Jungle Inferno"-Update was. I reinstalled the game after a month of having it deinstalled and...
I'm in love again.
To be fair the matchmaking is still not good, there is no elo system and especially ranked needs a rework. But by god, it feels like the game is in hands again that actually like this game and want it to succeed, I can finally join a pub again in like 5 seconds and have 4 Snipers and Spies on my team, one of them wearing the Gibus and the other 3 standing in one place. I can finally play a class again that makes me feel ultra powerful while I stomp all the enemies or play Pyro and hate myself.
I can play with my friends again.
I love TF2.
And I thank TF2.

I think Jerma summed up this game pretty nicely...

[i]"Maybe you got like two Pyros that just installed the game ten minutes ago. They don't have any hats, they're spraying shit and they're having a blast. They might even be at the wrong point. They might be going backwards to the point that's already been capped. 

On the same team, there's a Scout with a Hale's Own Scattergun. He's got 18 kills with a 17 killstreak, he just got 18. He's going 'I just got 18, sick!' He runs up the stairs, he's trying his ass off. He's get *beeping noises* dodging the 'Oh, the sentry almost got me!' He looks up to his left when he gets up the stairs on Gorge and there's two sandwich Heavies having a fucking picnic. So he stops for a second and goes, 'Two... nnnggh!' so he walks forward and gets blown up by a soldier's rocket next door...

...The two sandwich Heavies then decide to move their picnic. There's ants. 'There's ants here, honey. I wanna get out of here.' So they get up, they pack their sandwiches, pack up their lunches, and their breakfast, and whatever the fuck they're eating. They get up and walk toward the door to go to RED because they think, 'That spot near the A point for RED is pretty good.' They walk out the door, and they see four Level 3 Sentry Guns pointing at them. They get shot a million times and blow up, and there's like nine Engineers swinging their wrenches in random directions.

The BLU Scout, at this point, respawns, and walks by the at least 3-4 statues because we all know there's four people AFK when you play this game, you go by the museum of people standing still. He walks out the door and readies his weapon, he's ready, 'I'm going to get another 20 killstreak, just you watch Gaben, I'm going to praise Gaben!' And he goes forward and starts shooting, and he gets backstabbed by a Spy that has been sitting with the Cloak and Dagger in the corner for at least the last 68 seconds."[/i]

Normally when I do reviews, I turn into a critic and start to examine that game, pointing out every little flaw and pro and determining a final score. However, Team Fortress 2 (or TF2 for short) helped me make so many memories that if I actually tried to make a fair review on it, it would still be way too biased to consider a valid review.

Team Fortress 2, is, obviously, an amazing game. The teamplay is necessary and going out and attacking solo may be difficult. You need teammates in order to survive and win. The graphics are unique to a shooter game and really makes it a special game.

I'm not here to explain the gameplay or graphics or whatnot.



[b]I love this game because of its charm.[/b]



The game has such a unique and diverse cast of characters, you can't help to love all of them at some point. Scout is cocky and overconfident. Spy, another one of the characters in the game, is technically Scout's father. Soldier is a crazed WWII American patriot. He never actually joined the Army, but instead, he had his own personal Nazi killing spree. His roommate was a magician named Merasmus, who grew to hate Soldier. Pyro is mysterious, but portrays the world as one big happy paradise, known as Pyroland. Demoman is a Scottish alcoholic who, due to Merasmus, lost his eye that is now haunted. Heavy, although he appears to be dim-witted, is actually very intelligent and looks over three sisters. Engineer is very intelligent as well, and his grandfather was a major contributor to keeping the war with RED and BLU continue. Medic isn't fond of normal forms of medicine, but is still an important member nonetheless. Sniper is from New Zealand, but was raised in Australia. He prefers working from a distance and his backstory is very similar to Superman's. Spy is the master of disguise, and is technically Scout's father, as said before. Of all the characters, he appears to be the most "mature" and appears to be the ringleader at many times.

Not only that, but the game has an interesting story. I would not like to get too detailed with it. However, it makes little to no sense but is still funny, engaging, and gives TF2 much more depth. There is also a storyline that takes place a few years later where Mann Co. is being attacked, so the mercenaries have to defend it, called Mann vs. Machine. This game mode ties in with the TF comics, which explain many characters' backstories and is currently still in the works as of this review. The other comics (all of which can be found on TF2's official website) are all funny and charming in their own way as well.

The community has been quite debatable on how nice it is at many times, but in the end, it's still an overall great community. I've seen people give out stuff, others mentor some of the newbs (something I do as well) along with much, much more.

Yes. the game is considered a "pay-to-win game" but it isn't necessarily a pay-to-win game. With lots of patience, you will get what you want from the game, whether it be hats, weapons, or whatever it is you want. The game has a learning curve that isn't too steep, but become dedicated and you'll fall in love with it.



No matter how many times you rage to a W+M1 pyro that destroyed your 16 killstreak, or cheer when you unbox an Unusual, or maybe discover a few friends or learn a few things, Team Fortress 2 has been a huge part of my PC gaming life and without it, I probably wouldn't be here today. I cannot recommend this game enough, and I hope that many more memories are made on here. 

Valve may be cash cows, but you can't help but admit they are amazing when it comes to making games. Portal, Half-Life 2, Counter-Strike, but this game stands out from the rest to me.

Do I recommend this game? Yes, yes, yes, YES.
      Well, I've played this game for many years and never wrote a review about it, TF2 is a abusive relationship, it punches the shit out of you, but then takes you to dinner. Starting out you know next to nothing, and you get crushed, hard, some classes are easier to start out with than others, namely pyro, soldier, and sniper, heck, even heavy. But still, you will die, a lot, and get dominated, a lot, but eventually things start getting easier, you learn more tricks, feel for the maps, and unlock weapons that help you along the way, outside sources help, guides on how to do things, but those only go so far, and due to changes, might not always be correct, you need to find your own way, get a few people to play with so your salt is slightly less, have fun, and collect hats if you have the disposable income. All in all, TF2 has helped me learn some things about myself, having played for 250+ days of my life it's bound to. If you plan on playing, welcome, this game is far from perfect, but there isn't another one like it.
With all the new FPSs that are coming out you'd think that TF2 isn't relevant anymore but that is not true. TF2 has aged very well and can do most things other games can and more.

Pros:
-Gameplay is still fun and fresh
-Hundreds of weapons to choose from
-Hundreds of cosmetics to wear
-Diverse and interesting maps
-An active trading community
-An in-game economy
-Active workshop community
-Many types of player made gamemodes 
-Many player made maps
-It's free

Cons:
-Can be hard to learn when you first play
-Lack of interesting updates recently
-Many players have moved to overwatch
-You need to buy keys to get most of the interesting cosmetics and weapons
Can you name any other unmodded AAA First Person Shooter that lets you play as a cocky and fast Bostonian who slaps the hell out of urine-throwing Middle Earth campers with a fresh Atlantic fish wrapped in fine Christmas lights, eat a bucket of fried proccessed poultry over their corpses, and then you get donked on by an exploding cannonball launched from a handheld cannonball launcher held by an African-Celtic(specifically of Scottish descent) cyclopian alcoholic- who can leap yards into the air from his own explosives while weilding a mystic ancient talking ghost claymore and while wearing a purple banana on his head with a peace sign orbiting around it?





I thought so.
I really enjoy a good videogame, but noone else can be compared to TF2 to me. I've been playing this game for a lot of years but i still love it like the first day i installed. In the world of tf2 you can rocket jump through complex maps, kill robots with friends (MVM), playing casual or competitive or just chill in trade servers and a lot more. There's so much to do and a lot of things to learn about this game. All of this and it's free to play... so give it a try!
The amount of fun you get from this game depends of the players you're playing with.

Unfortunately everybody [b]hates[/b] 'Free to play' players, or anyone wearing achievement unlockable items. insulting them just because they are new to the game.

this trend will effectively make new players stop playing the game because of the toxic community.
However, if you don't land on a server with such people, you can have alot of fun.
Rest in peace 6500+ hours of my life, best game ever. 

You can either play seriously and wreck n00bs or go around with a sticky jumper and a frying pan and still get MVP.

No matter how much I play it never gets old, sure I might play another game for a few hours but I will always come back for more. TF2 forever.
I really appreciate this game for many reasons, but the primary one is that it recognizes its own absurdity. Not only that, but it embraces it and builds upon it.
Well... What could i say?
I started playing this game for the comedy and the characters.
I also think that this is actually better than a lot of AAA FPS games that were released recently.

Pros:
-Runs Well
-It's fun
-It has funny voicelines and characters
-It's still supported by Valve
-Nice graphics (for its age)
-A lot of weapons

Cons:
-The community (sometimes)

So, overall, it's a good game and you should definetly give it a try.

Team Fortress 2 taught me many things.
-How to aim with projectile based weapons
-Game sense
-Expecting the unexpected
-How to properly disagree with people
-How hitreg works
-Always kill the medic
-How to speak Russian
-How to break out of prison
-Learn basic economics
-Team comp doesn't matter as long as you have enough hours played
-Everything else that resembles this game must be compared to TF2
-Hats aren't memes, they're a way of life
-How to make life long friends

While the vanilla game maybe be a bit difficult to get into, you might learn a thing or two outside of the main game. Don't be afraid to explore the realms outside valve severs, you might find something special for you. One more thing before I end this review...

Just don't play Mann Up mode, kay? That mode's for nerds.
Played TF2 since Beta.
6 months after release people started complaining the game was dying.
8 years later...only bad gaming communities have died.
Best team based game out there.
If you think your Halo and COD skillz will help you here, leave now before you are votekicked for not helping your team.
0 pay to win in this game.
If you play long enough, if you put the work in, you can get any weapon.

Focus on the objective always.
Break down any stalemate into smaller manageable problems with smaller easier to get solutions and you'll win all the time.

Played the TF games for a decade.
10/10 will play for another decade.
"A Timeless Masterpiece" - Some dude on the internet.

To be honest this game has been through a whole lot and is still standing. I've been playing this game for a while now and I must say I wouldn't have the friends I have today without it.
I owe this game everything.


10/10, the best decision I've ever made.
Team Fortress 2, a decade old, free-to-play, first person shooter, form our dear friend, volvo.
She has had some rough times, this old gal, been through thick and thin and is still kicking @ss.
If your 1 in the 2 people who read reveiws before playing the game, well than I have this to say to you...
If you truly want the TF2 "feel" check out the community first, not here, but anywhere else, youtube, the website, hell, use reddit. Just remember, this ain't your average FPS game, this is TF2, and after 9 years in development, and more than that in bug-fixing, she is anything but perfect. Yet, we all love it, no matter the state of it. So, we can only say, that WE are valve lovers, and this, is OUR game. She may even be able to win a steam award someday. Because like the rest of the world, she needs love.


"Thanks, and have fun."
Join a game and play as your favourite mercenaries :

-fast american
-loud american
-mute pyromaniac
-black scot
-big fat russian
-texan burger
-healing nazi
-australian shoot-shoot
-baguette assasin

10/10 best matchmaking and best balance
Team Fortress 2 is the most realistic hat simulator created to date. There is absolutely no other simulator quite like this one. The first time you start the simulator, you join a server where you can play a minigame where you show off your hats and items. If you kill a person three times in a row in the minigame, you get your very first hat: the Gibus. This is where it really starts; To play the simulator correctly, you have to spend money in the market place, made by Valve. After that, while you play the minigame, you can find hats which you can trade for, or collect! There is many other people who wants to collect and trade hats, just like you! After you collect enough items and/or hats, try joining a trade server! There, the REAL fun begins! Good luck, and beware of ending up poor!
This was my favorite game for many years and still holds a good place in my heart. Although I no longer play this game it has definitely made me a better person. Meeting many of my steam friends through this game, I have truly picked up the social skills I so needed when I was but a snail in a shell. This sounds cheesy and it truly is, just give it a shot and since it is free all you have to lose is a few minutes of your time. All you have to gain is an amazing community.
[ 8.5 / 10 ] This 11-year old game is a must-have for every casual player. It is free, has consistent updates and is solely based on having fun in playing.

10/10 Playability: TF2 is run on the "source"-engine, created 14 years ago in 2004. 
Although it is slowly becoming a near ancient engine, it is stil reliable, updated and runs well on modern PCs. The game is originally not optimized in any direction, but thanks to its graphic- and mapping-simplicity, it can run smoothly even on bad/old PCs. Lowering the graphic settings has only a small impact for your visual experience, but still can greatly improve your fps. I had played this game with 3 different PCs through my gamer-lifetime and hadn't experienced problems in any way and rarely ever hear of it.

9/10 Gameplay: This game gains most of its value through its gameplay. 
It has 9 playable classes with certain set statistics like health or running speed. However each class has multiple playstyles through a huge variety of usable weapons, with 3 equipable weapons at maximum. This helps and encourages each player to find their own functional playing style. 
The playing mechanics are easy to understand and the basic playstyle don't require complicated key-knowledge.
However, the learning curve begins to be very steep at a certain point not far from the basics. It can be fun to learn the possiblities in this game, but is never required to have fun playing against others.

The game also offers 8 main game modes: Arena, Capture the flag, Control point, King of the Hill, Payload, Mannpower, Special Delivery and PASS-Time. Additionally there is Mann vs. machine were players fight against waves of A.I. Enemies.
Some gamemodes have sub-modes, like Attack/Defend (Control point), Medieval Attack/Defend (Melee-only Control point) and Payload race (double Payload).
The amount of maps for each gamemode is fair and the map designs are generally well balanced.

Important to note: All weapons are free and repeatedly drop randomly each week and their is absolutely no pay-to-win, pay-to-play or freemium to give any player with money more advantages.
Success and failure is based on experience and skill.

7/10 Community: Despite the games age, the audience is very young.
There are some players who get called "squeakers" based on their voip-calls, usually because they are young pre-teen boys with a high pitched voice. Additionally it can be a bit frustrating, because certain young players don't enjoy games outside from the competitive view and make their anger sound often. But this is still rarely the case and not generally a downpoint.
There is actually an e-sport scene, small, but it is there. I played in it for about a year in a half. It is okay.

8/10 Updates: As said prior there are consistent updates to this game.
Most updates are small bugfixes, but the game also recieves major updates, giving new maps, cosmetics and even gamemodes. It also adds a lot of community material through a comic-storyline and SFM-videos. The developers keep this game as updated as possible, despite the age and a very small dev-team.

I'm not a native english speaker, so if you find mistakes, you are free to keep them.
Team Fortress 2 is definitely my main game. Has been for forever, and will be to the end. 

The characters are fantastic. Each class has a personality, and they're all very easy to fall in love with. The dialogue is funny and consistent with the characters in their given situation at any moment, and even the way each character moves around helps convey each one's personality.

The gameplay has all you could want from an fps. There's a huge range of playstyle from totally silly to being a competitive tryhard. The skill ceiling is almost infinitely high, you can never stop getting better at this game. I personally main soldier because I find it fun to push myself in improving my rocket jump skills (on jump maps) and 1v1 situations (in mge). Doing a quick run through a jump map, or hitting a wicked nasty airshot always feels awesome. However, if I'm more interesting in goofing around at the moment, I'll hop into casual. 

I find it impressive how well this game has been doing since its release more than a decade ago. Despite it's being a game from the dinosaur age, it has stayed fairly current for an fps game. If you haven't tried TF2, it's definitely worth checking out.

I wish I could explain what it is that really grabs hold of me and brings me back to playing this game, but I can't. It's a quality outside my understanding that makes this game as good as it is. I've accumulated more than 3000 hours in this game, and I can't point at one thing to tell you, This is IT--This is The Reason I Play... I don't know what it is, but if there's a perfect formula for fun, it's somewhere in this game.
-Updating my review for the jungle update, 

The Good-

✓ Casual experience updated with ranks, UI improvements, graphics, all sorts of good stuff found in modern games,

✓ Still a great game, skill based aim/movement, and old school team shooter gameplay that never gets tired,

✓ Abusrd amounts of customization in loadouts and appearence, you can really make a class and how you play it your own,

✓ Diverse and great community, art/cosplay, community competitive scene with casting and prizes, and a great team game for organized play,

The not so good- 

X Developed by Valve, so spotty-to-nonexistant dev communication/support at times

X Matchmaking was overhauled, but a few relics from 2008 need to be eliminated like random crits and outdated map/weapon design still create stalemates in casual, but not game breaking ones.

X More community moderation/tools would be nice, as immature memeing and hateful toxicity hurts the user experience, although this is a problem in most popular games *port these tools over from CSGO please*


TL,DR

All in all, 9/10, the good massively outweighs the bad, and you should definately play this game, as there's years worth of content to enjoy, and even more to master- FOR FREE
This is a well made, stylized, team based first person shooter. Teamwork is needed to win at higher levels of play. Lone wolfing is fine on lower skill levels such as on most public servers. There are 9 classes (each with his own distinct personality) to choose from. The banter between the different classes is entertaining to listen to. Each class has unique weapons and abilities that allow him to fulfill a unique roll as part of a larger team. This provides for a challenging and rewarding experience when faced against opponents of similar or higher skill levels. The game has an active dev team that continues to release updates to the game that add new content such as weapons or game modes.

At the time of this review, there are two official modes of play: player versus player and 'Mann Versus Machine'.

Player versus player is a mode where one team of players battles against another team of players. Within this mode, there are different types of maps. Each type of map has it's own objective or objectives for each team to achieve.

'Mann Versus Machine' is a mode where a team of up to 6 players battles against waves of bots. Players collect money from destroyed bots. The money is divided equally among players in the team and can be used to purchase upgrades and abilities for the next wave of bots. The pay to play sub-mode, "Mann Up", gives rewards upon completing a "tour".

In addition to the official modes of play, there are several player made mods that introduce other modes of play such as 'Versus Saxton Hale', where a team of players battles against a player playing as a character named Saxton Hale; 'Dodge Ball', where two teams of players playing as Pyros must airblast rockets and other projectiles back and forth in order to stay alive; 'Zombie Mod', where a team of players must make it to the end of the map without dying to zombies that are played by other players; to name just a few of the many player made mods available.

In addition to game play, players will randomly receive free items from the game. Some of the free items given out are weapons, hats and crates. Hats can be worn by a class to change the appearance of that class. Crates can be opened with a key. Keys can be purchased from the Mann Co Store or from the Steam Community Market or traded for from another player. Most crates will list which items can be found within them.

The game has several communities for a player to choose from if a community is what you are looking for. The game is easy to pick up and play, either alone or with friends, yet has a depth of play that will keep you from becoming bored too quickly. The dynamics between the different classes, weapons, play styles, skill levels, modes and maps provides content for many hours of play. I have been playing since November 2007 and I still return to the game on a regular basis.
I'm the scout who missed you six times at point blank range. I'm the pyro who couldn't reflect in a mirror. I'm the Soldier who just cannot let W go on a rocket jump. I'm the demoman who does zero damage with the stickies, misses every grenade and then random crits you with a bottle, only to step on my last grenade. I'm the heavy who is dead before the spin up finishes. I'm the engineer who always sentry jumps into the path of the sniper's bullet. I'm the medic you think is going to save the push who fucks up the uber timing. I'm the sniper who missed that bodyshot on your afk team mate. I'm the spy who missed you six times at point blank range from behind.

I'm the reason the others abandon when I join a MM beta team. I'm kills 30-2500 on your aussie rocket launcher. I'm the pubstompee.

It's been six and a half years for me and I love TF2.

Edit:

Further to my previous comments - I'm not as keen on the Casual matchmaking as I was on quickplay as it seems to take longer to get into a game, but otherwise TF2 is still great. 

It's free and it's not pay to win at all, the stock weapons available to all players at start are often the best, other weapons can be earned by completing in game achievements or random drops. 

Also, repeatedly killing players with expensive unusuals when you are free 2 play can apparantly really annoy them.

Edit 2: Casual has improved a lot since it was introduced, and while still not the experience quickplay was I don't miss it anything like I did. Especially now I can usually get into games in a minute or less.
Been playing this game for 5+ years. 

Love the fact that each character has its own personality and different dynamic.

Unique, funny, exciting, GREAT game. Please don't stop creating new content for this Valve, as it still holds to be one of the funnest games I have ever played. 

- Big Joey Slap-Nuts
Team Fortress 2 is not just a really fun, free to play, first person shooter with a very large variety of game-play styles, an awesomely distinct art-style and rather comedic storyline. It also breaks a lot of conventions in the genre and has continued to be a proving ground for what a game is truly capable of. For the past five years or so TF2 has consistently evolved through a series of major updates introducing new game-play elements(minor patches for bugs are issued at least bi-weekly), and, occasionally, festive seasonal updates that make TF2 more eventful.

Unlike a lot of FPS out there, Team Fortress provides plenty of things to do other than just "shot bullet". TF2 has a really nice replay feature which you can direct, star in, edit, and render in Über quality(regardless of system specs) your own wartime films that can be posted to YouTube via in-game function. TF2 was also one of the first FPS to have a tradeable item drop system which has produced a very large and viable trading community and market where loot found or crafted in the game is exchanged for other in-game valuables like fancy apparel, rare Items/Weapons, games from the steam store, or even real world $ on the black-market. This micro-economic meta-game is what will essentially help support the game indefinitely, and rewards players for there time spent playing the game, and making it a worthy investment for learning the game. 

The only downside I can note about Team Fortress 2 is that it is currently over 12 gigabytes in size and it will eventually get much larger if it continues on this upgrading trend. Being the king of free to play games, I give Team Fortress 2 a perfect score 10 out of 10.
Team Fortress 2 is, in a nutshell, a team-based FPS in which the Red and Blue team compete against each other with 9 different classes in various game modes.

PROS:
+ Free to play 
+ Many maps, gamemodes and tons and tons of weaponry and cosmetics, both official and community-made
+ Very beginner-friendly. Unlike games like CS:GO, new players have a very fair chance of beating even experienced players
+ You will get weekly drops of weapons (sometimes cosmetics too)
+ A huge interest in trading items via a network of trading servers and sites. Skilled traders can make profit in the form of real money as well
+ Tons of alternate gamemode servers like x10, randomizer, medieval, deathruns, surfing, jumping, trading, tons of workshop maps, etc. 
+ It depends if you consider this as a pro, but there's explosivejumping. It's so incredibly fun and there's over 500 downloadable jumpmaps and an active community behind it. At least a fifth of my hours in this game are spent on explosivejumping
+ TF2 uses the Source engine, a very comfortable engine and very easy to configure and save settings with 
+ Trading cards 

CONS: 
- The community can be kind of toxic and/or cringy at times
- Valve keeps adding more and more updates people generally don't enjoy 
- If you play TF2 now, you'll play with a lot of weapons that used to be different in the past

Ever wondered why people who play Valve games have so many hours in their games? Because most Valve games are solid and super enjoyable games that whitstand the test of time; they're always classic and fun. Team Fortress 2 has been around for over a decade and yet its popularity is scarcely rivaled by other top selling games.
I've played this game for years, mainly because it's such a casual game in which you can hop on nearly any server and just play without any sort of startup or gathering of resources required beforehand. Same goes for quitting said server.
This is a game you keep on getting back at. It's too brilliant not to play, in all honesty.

P.S. Play on community servers. I've never played matchmaking or competitive because it's just boring compared to the fun you'll get on various casual servers. Play it vanilla.

P.P.S. TF2 >>> Counter Strike, Call of Duty, Battlefield, PUBG, Fortnite, R6 Siege. kappa
===[ ❤ Audience: ]===
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]===
☐ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☑ Free

===[ ☢ Requirments: ]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium
☐ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[ ⌬ Story] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ♬ Sound/Music] ===
☑ Atmosphere is there
☐ For every action
☐ Too much music
☐ it only turns away

===[ ✦ Others: ]===
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes
[h1]DO NOT BUY ANY WEAPONS FROM THE MANN CO STORE![/h1]

Use any of the trading bot sites they are muuuch cheaper, buy yourself like a single mann co key and trade it for its value of scrap, then buy lots of spare item drop weapons other premium players practically give away for real cheap.

Sharing is caring, and any noobies reading this can get on that too, 2.49 can get you dozens of weapon unlocks instantly, the mann co store is so over priced to encourage this!
[b]The story of every TF2 player ever (Based on True Events):[/b]

[b]Your first day:[/b] You just started playing this cool game called "Team Fortress 2". You don't know much about it but you think it's pretty neat, with all these cool hats and accessories.

[b]A week later:[/b] You found a hat called "Ghastlier Gibus", and It's pretty awesome! But for some reason, anyone who sees you with it call you a total noob...

[b]Month 1:[/b] You just became premium! Yay! And you think you're starting to get this whole "trading system", but you don't exactly see why it's so important to everyone.

[b]Months 2-6:[/b]  You are addicted to trading, more than playing the game itself. You have countless hats, stranges and keys, and anyone you trade with and all your friends admire how extremely rich you are.

[b]Months 6-12:[/b] You've just changed your name to (xxxxxxx) #RoadToUnusual. You really think you can make it as a big time trader. (A bit of scamming along the way, of course.)

[b]1+ Years:[/b] You have all your dream unusuals, and countless earbuds.  You love your inventory more than anything else in the world. Your profile showcase is an exhibit of your coolest items and achivements in TF2.

[b]But then, one day...[/b]
You come home from school, toss your backpack on your bed and wait for you PC to boot.
You open steam, as well as TF2Outpst, looking for cool trades.
You see someone selling a cool unusual you want, so you send him a trade offer.
But when you open "My Inventory", It's empty.
"Steam must just be drunk again", you think to yourself. But not this time... not this time.
You slowly, trembling with an odd sensation of fear, anticipation and rage open your inventory history to find out that some scumbag named "Green Lantern" stole all your items.

-Unusual Counterfeit Billycock
-Unusual Birdcage
-Unusual Dead Cone
-Unusual Shooter's Tin Topi
-Unusual Team Captain
-Unusual Bonk Boy
-Unusual Towering Pillar Of hats
-Unusual Le Party Phantom
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds
-Earbuds

At that very moment, hundreds of suicidal thoughts cross your mind.
You throw up all over your keyboard, and start screaming. Just screaming.
You break down on your knees, start crying like a little girl and let the tears flow all over your red, sweaty body.
You go to sleep, and dream all about your inventory. The purple of the unusuals, The green of the genuines, The blue of the vintages...
And you forget all about it.

This review is %100 accurate, I went through it myself.

11/10 IGN
I love this game, for me TF2 has always had a certain feeling with a quiet ongoing war without meaning in a bizarre world packed with action. Much of this game feels absolutely perfect, from the movement and gameplay of a class to the concept and characteristics of a class. I'm glad the game has kept a bond with it's earlier elements and there haven't been any too drastic changes to the art style or appearance or gameplay and that it's still holding a reference to its origin in an honest way, despite the large compilation of irrelevant hats which fortunately is an issue that the No Hats mod works wonders for. Just to remove the clutter to see the real face of the game.

The most impactful recent updates regarding the matchmaking system has been a slight downgrade overall, but the game itself still plays the same and the effect the new system has had is just that it is now more time consuming to find a decently balanced match.

I think it is a beautiful game and it keeps sparking my interest over and over again in alot of ways, amazing work by Valve and the people who worked on it.
[i] 4079h of playtime, at the time of this review.  Damn. How to review a 10 years old game? [/i]
 
[h1] PROS[/h1]
+[b]The balance.[/b] You can enter in this game and actually play with the stock basic weapons of each class and you'll not be in disadvantage. Every weapon has its ups and downs in the most variety of situations. Its hard to find a multiplayer game with this kind of balance. 
+[b]9 great classes[/b]. Can you think on a 10th class? In my opinion this game managed to get all playing forms into 9 different classes,  each one unique,  each one with its ups and downs,  just like the weapons. Once again,  great balance. 
+[b]Game modes.[/b] You'll have a bunch of different game modes to play.  Capture points, payload, payload race, king of the hill,  capture the flag,  and so many more,  even in community servers..  There's everything. You can even play freakin' hide n' seek. 
+[b]Microtransactions done right. [/B] Everything you can buy in-game doesn't give you any advantage while playing.  You can either get tools, cosmetic items or weapons which,  as said before, will not get the game unfair.  True F2P,  and not P2W. 
+[b]Variety of weapons,  maps and cosmetics.[/b] This game has everything. 
+[b]Competitive and casual gaming included. [/b]
+[b] Seasonal events.[/b] Halloween, Christmas,  etc,  gets you special gaming period with game modifications. Halloween is great! 
+[b]10 years of updates and counting. [/b] How many games get this support? 
+[b]Humor.[/b] Voice lines are awesome. And taunts. Just awesome. 
+[b]TF2 Economy. [/b] This game has its own economy and it was one of the first games that introduced trading system. Maybe it was the first?
+ Its F2P!  Try it! 

[h1] CONS[/h1] 
- [b]Weapons nerfs and buffs[/b]. Over the years we had changes in the weapons.  Some were need.. Others not so much. And some are still needed to this day. Its not easy,  but the weapons could have a better analysis in this topic,  I think. 
- [b]Bugs after big updates[/b]. My years  of experiencing this game showed me that after a big update comes a roll of problems,  usually resolved after a small period of...  Days? 
- [b] Too many items[/b]. The game got to a point where there are so many,  so many,  but sooo many items... Dont get me wrong,  its cool to have items but..  Kinda exagerating now? So many crates with so much cosmetic items..
-[b]Reskin weapons[/b].  Weapons with same stats of others..  But reskined? I'd prefer that each weapon had unique stats.  And this comes all the way back from the first years of the game.  

[h1] OVERALL 9.8/10[/h1] - [b] [i] The game of a lifetime[/i] [/b]
Even if I started to play tf2 in 2017 and Im late to the party,Ive never seen a game which can be funny,captivating,competitive at the same time.At the start I was just a f2p newbie steam user,but then Ive meet my first ever friend on a server and gave me 2 hats(he was Mr sandwich).I was so happy and when I realised that my inventory was full I thought that was game over.However,a kind man ( he is MetalCloud) gave me a premium gift and Ive got 5 full inventory spaces and the ability to trade!Sooner I finally decided to end my f2p life and bought csgo and put 5euros in my accout.So I reccomend this game even if it is 10 years old since here you will find the nicest and most funny community of all.So this game,will forever remain a masterpiece for me
Where do I begin...

With over 1800 hours (1884.8) counting, I have never had so much fun playing a game. I started around 2 years ago till today. (12/11/2017). This game has created many memories for me, from watcing spies fly across the map because of a shield bash to soldiers with 1 hp wiping out a whole team (that I was on). I have never been so focused and addicted to a game since the day I started playing. Do I regret wasting over a month of my life? Not at all. I've met amazing people from all different backgrounds. From trolls to kind-hearted people to cancer to pure joy. This game has sent me on a roller coaster ever since I have started playing. I've learned so much about the game, and life in general (I hate cliche stuff, but it's true). If you are that one person reading the negatives looking for even one reason to not play this game (like I do), ignore them. I made the leap to start playing this, and if I never did, I would probably be a big loner on steam. I can't be thankful enough for getting to play this amazing game, which is free, and with free updates. I can't be happier with the people I've met and memories I will forever keep. Thank you Team Fortress 2, and believe me, I'll still be playing till they finally shut down the last server.  Anyways, I better get back doing....Team Fortress 2 now I guess. 

If too lazy, TL:DR
This game is the best friend and memory creator I have ever had. It's free, with free updates, and free weapon drops. You can become amazing just by playing! (Crazy I know) If you are still on the fence, just get it, it is so worth it!
The game that made me waste hours of my life and I love every second of it. The people who I play with now is because of TF2. It changed my life for the better and its my favorite game of all time. Is good
First of all, I don't really understand why this game isn't as popular as for example CS, cause it's basically the same genre but TF2 disposes of much more diversified gameplay part where ingame scenarios are very variable due to 9 classes available for playing. Maybe some people don't like animation-style graphics but apart from this questionable part, it is perfect multiplayer FPS game I ever played or heard about, highly recommended for all CS nerds tired of "The bomb has been planted"
Team Fortress 2 is a team-based, multiplayer first-person shooter video game, developed and published by Valve Corporation. It is a duology of games with the recurring name, Team Fortress, following from the 1996 Team Fortress modification for the game Quake, and its 1999 successor, Team Fortress Classic. A simple, war-themed game, it offers nine various classes, each with their own specialties and sets of skills that enable them to function uniquely in the battlefield, and are thusly categorised into three main divisions; offensive, defensive, and support.

I would recommend this game, as unlike other 'class-based' games that offer a variety of combat classes only, the game instead delivers a large pool of weapons (distinguished as either melee, secondary, or primary weapons), which allows the utilisation of most of the classes in a wild variety of manners distinct from their intended purposes. Such examples involve the demoknight, a variant of the demolitions class which specialises in melee-range combat situations, and rewards said class ranging from increased movement speed, to replenishing charge times for each kill. Another subclass is the ninjaneer, which rather than play the role of a support class (engineer), the class largely focuses on bypassing enemy front lines in order to ambush enemies from behind, cleverly using teleporters to allow other teammates to flank from behind as well. In this way, it allows players to learn and develop new styles of gameplay, as well as improve gamesense in ways which are not available in many other class-based games.

Furthermore, the game provides players access to a wide range of cosmetics used to customise classes as per the player's desires, as well as taunts, which for vanity purposes, interacts with the surrounding environment in some way, whether to dance with another nearby player(s), or to kill other enemies in creative ways, or even signal to said enemies that they are friendly. The possibilities for customisation are vast, and is all possible due to Valve's skilfull co-operation with the Team Fortress 2 community. They take the time to listen to the voices of the community, implementing new features that follow the guidelines of the community's comments and ideas, and more so work swiftly and dilligently to fix the problems associated with the game, to help improve accessibility and gameplay.

Overall, Valve Corporation has done an excelling job at not only bringing additional skillsets for FPS players to learn and develop, but also provide players with a great amount of power at customisation of the characters, and most importantly, co-operation with the community to polish Team Fortress 2 and help draw out its best for everyone to see.
This game can be the uplift or downfall of your life. No matter how much you may hate this game at start, you will always find yourself coming back to it.
I just spent $20 so my gun could flash a color for half a second whenever I got a kill with it. I have played for about 2500 hours. This game killed my wallet and my social life. 10/10
After 20 years without any fundamental change this game still rocks. Sure we got better graphics, more equipment, some new game modes and many new maps but deep inside it is still only fun and not about ladders, not about grinding, not about meta war, even your skills and equipment don't matter much, just play the game and have fun.

Pros:
-Gameplay is fun and fluent action without boring waiting or camping
-combining the basic classes with many different equipment sets allows for highly varied playstyles
-many different maps and game modes
-great community servers
-great community
-active community delivering great workshop content like maps and challanges
-trading outside the shop possible, you might end up earning money from trading
-optional cool cosmetics
-fair loot drop system - using the expensive shop is just not required
-match making finally working
-It's free

Cons:
-over the years players have spread through different game modes, servers and sometimes other games so for special requests you might end up with little choice.

Also the TF2 movies are legend!
Team Fortress 2 is unique, and because of that it can be hard for new players to adapt to its style. However, once they do, it offers plenty of different experiences and 9 different classes, each with their own special items, playstyles, and skill ceilings. I've never enjoyed a multiplayer FPS as much as this game, and it's free to play. It's hard to beat that.
Great game. It's always there, even when you get sick of it, you're still able to come back to it later. I've had lots of enjoyment with TF2 and the community is a huge part of the reason it's so magnificent. Sadly Valve doesn't help the TF2 devs too much, so the updates are VERY slow, but 90% of the time when they DO come, they're wonderful. Overall it's a great game if you love FPS's with a bit of a twist. It's not your average COD game obviously but it does still have the core aspects of an FPS class-based system. The "DLC" or essentially battle passes are the only thing that cost money here, but even then you can do very well without, they're more of just an added bonus, as they don't give you any competitive advantage over other players. There are hundreds of cosmetics for your different classes but of course those are optional. TF2 is a great way to get into Steam trading/marketing too!  Definitely recommend, at least giving it a try. It's free so why not?
I was so excited to load up Team Fortress 2, a cool wacky FPS that was team based and had many variations! Awesome! I said to myself. This must be way better than Call of Duty! As the download was running I sat on my chair eager to play the game, I started searching up some videos on the game and basic gameplay mechanics so I could get the edge on the competition, I learned many things that I could apply in battle! Before I knew it the download was complete! Awesome!

I sat there as the game loaded up, eager to get into a server and play! I saw a map called "ctf_2fort" "That map sounds fun!" I exclaimed, I joined the server and was greeted with a class selection screen. I figured I should play the sniper since my experience in other FPS would help me through. 

My first ever spawn! I promptly walked forward out of the doorway and was greeted by a demoman camping spawn with his stickybomb launcher. 

I died.

10/10
I am a little conflicted as I write this (what was supposed to be) short review of Team Fortress 2. On one hand it is a really enjoyable game and has possibly one of the nicest communities (yes, there are dickheads, but they seem to be fewer and further between). On the other hand we have a developer that is indifferent to the game at best, ignoring the game and providing half-arsed content drops directly from the Steam Workshop every 6-12 months.

I have spent over 2000 hours playing this game, and over the last couple of years have been trying to maintain some community servers. Unfortunately due to a number of decisions by the developer, Valve, the community servers are dying and they are what made this game so great to begin with.

First it was the introduction of Quickplay, which funnelled players onto the Valve servers full of cheaters (who will go way too long without being banned or just start up a new account 30 seconds after the Vac ban). Since there is little recourse for players other than to attempt to kick the offending player everyone is subjected to the whims of the hacking turd. Community servers (with active admins) do not have this issue as they are able to quickly moderate players and ban where required.

Then along comes the Meet your Match update. With it Quickplay (as it existed) was removed. Clicking on any option other than "Find a Server" will only send you to a Valve server, which has the same issues listed above. The server browser is third option for how to play the game.

That was a couple of years ago, and marked one of only 2 content updates from Valve. The next one being the Pyro update, where Valve once again tried to make the Pyro a non-gimick class. 

Some people will argue that there have been other updates which I am ignoring. True, there have been other updates, just nothing with any level of content which will draw players back to the game, with the overwhelming majority of content updates being directly from the Steam Workshop. Valve really hit a goldmine with that one. Get the users to create the content for you! This allows Valve to (almost) completely ignore the game.

In summary I love the game and the community. I just wish that Valve would love it as well.
Have traveled across the country to meet the a few of the friends I have made in this beautiful game. Even moved 700 miles to live/date one. Best game ever hands down.
I dont think i need to say anything.
this game is childhood and i seriously like it.
Sure some may say OLD TF2 was better. 
but im glad Valve never Changed it to a point where it isnt team fortress anymore.

Overall a Great game for beginners in shooters and beginners in steam. 
And for beginners in games in general.
this game is the first step!
and i know it has been mine 6 years ago.
I have poured hours of time into this game, from playing it, to drawing it, to spending money on it, to looking at what other people have made because of it - this game is the WoW of first-person-shooters. I've been following TF2 since it was announced and I didn't get to play until it went free. That was 6 years ago.

And it's still going strong.

If you haven't given TF2 a chance - you need to. It has changed gaming on a whole in bigger ways than can be described in one Steam Review. Through all the silly hats, gamemodes, the ridiculous lore - there is a solid game underneath all of it, and when you give yourself the chance to touch that - you can't let go. 

Simply put: It's wonderful.
Team Fortress 2 is one of the best game that i ever played on my life.
I started playing on 2015 and it was different back then but ever then new updates came and i liked it.
I love playing Team Foretress 2 it's the best!
Some may say that yes, this game is just some dead meme from 2007 that is somehow still relevant in the gaming universe, but no. TF2 still has an active community, trading, and an active team giving it updates and patches...every once in a while. But ignore those nerds who turn away a game that is as old as they are, and appreaciate the love and joy that this game is to offer. <3
I am a late bloomer to the TF2 world, but boy have I missed out, it has to be one of the best games I have ever played, not only is it great fun, unlike most games, the community is not Toxic what so ever, of course you will find the odd player that might ruin a game or 2, but overall the community is brilliant!

I really cannot find a negative to say about this game, my only regret is not playing it sooner, it is by no means hard and everybody stands a good chance of getting a decent amount of kills and score each game, highly recommend to anybody who is reading through the reviews decideding whether to download it, you will not regret it!

[h1][TEAM FORTRESS 2 - OVERVIEW][/h1]
It's my favourite multiplayer game of all time. 
All it needs is more Valve's attention. 
Besides that, it's great.
This game is just GOLD. I managed to make loads of friends here, and it made me really happy. Downloading it can take a while, but [b]its worth the wait.[/b]  TF2>Artifact
A very addicting game with a creative community that makes tons of custom content on top of the already solid gameplay. 
Totally worth a try especially given it is free!
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☑ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Awesome game, cannot be compared to any other fps game because it's so casual, no other game has a bunch of players all having a conga line instead of fighting. Wanna go beat people to death with a fish, pan, or ham? GO DO IT! Wanna do a conga line into a deathly pit? DO IT! The community is great too!
A lot of bugs, unbalanced weapons, weird physics, stupid logics, hats, useless updates with crates, angry players. Then why this game is my favourite and lovely by many players in the world? TF2 - is not OW, its perfect compilation of characters, aim and movement, teamwork and leader abilities - and balance can't stop anyone from playing it. Pinkie Pie - recomandating that! :nekoheart:
After almost 3,000 hours I can say, without a smidgen of  doubt, that it's pretty good.
https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/8/8e/Scout_goodjob04.wav
[b]Team Fortress 2 is a game that's all about explosions, screaming and hats.[/b]
If your looking for a good game to relax on and just bust a laugh with some friends then this game is definitely for you. The game has solid core mechanics and is just flat-out silly. But keep in the mind that like most popular video-games and it being cartoonish that you will find a lot of kids and childish teenager's as well as young adults, and of course we can't forgot our lovely trolls and toxic people who tend to attack your interests or communities you partake in.

[u]9/10[/u] [b]MEDIC![/b]
[i]"This is the stupidest game I have ever witnessed, but I FUCKING LOVE IT."[/i] - [i]Stormy[/i]
This game is great and has an amazing community, nice game play, good humor, a nice art style, etc. And that's basically it. If you want a good fps game to play then play this!
tf2 is the BEST everybody should play it it the best shooter of all times but mabye like every 2-3 years add a new game mode or some wepons but i highly say to put a new game mode
This game is pure excellence. The game is decently balanced, the gameplay is incredibly fun and addicting, characters like Spy and Pyro are so well designed and creative for an FPS game. I applaud the excellent execution with Spy (how do you balance a character that ca insta-kill?) and the classes are overall just fun and well made. This game is so much fun. However, it is far from perfect. A group of Engineers, with proper coordination, can completely cover a payload or flag, locking anyone from reaching it. I think Engineer is the only truly horrible class and could do with many, MANY balance patches. Though, Engineer isn't the only issue. TF2 is full of odd inbalances like the one mentioned. Scout is so fast that aiming is far harder than it should be, Pyro is horribly overpowered, he serves as a counter to every class in the game, Sniper is really, really hard to use and overall just unfun, etc. That being said though, despite the balance issues, I would recommend this to everyone. It is so much fun and any FPS player would have a fun time with it. Though be warned, this game is very hard. Definitely start with Pyro or Heavy, and those who have no FPS experience should probably start with something like Overwatch instead (its WAAY easier). Overall, TF2 is excellent. 9/10
TF2. A timeless masterpiece. Even though the devs seem to have stopped loving the game there still are people who do. Played on different accounts, since ´07 and to this day I still find my self playing it for hours on end. Would I recommend TF2? The learning curve is steep, the game favors a lot of luck to keep new players interested, which hurts the game ever since and people with several thousand hours (even more than I) going into "casual" to turn it into sweaty low tier HL. OP weapons and combos getting abused to hell and back, and people show no shame about it. And yet, the amount of love the other half of the community puts into the game is amazing.

Also, the day pyro gets the real nerf he deserves I´ll buy a cat and name him/her victory :3
i gotta say haven't played much but still so much fun. you never know who you'll ever meet, let it be screeching child or autistic spammer. would reccomend
Holy mary mother of joseph THIS GAME IS GREAT! First off: It's free(a game better than cod)Second off!:It's made from gaben, you just know its amazing. Third off!:It has so many diff modes!
I would rate this a 0921317237092137172072137023721983621963129836123621362963926329813/10

Build 'em up and Break 'em down.

This ageless hat simulator just keeps going no matter how many years go by.  If I had a dollar for everytime I heard "TF2 is dead" I would be a rich man by now.

Second to none gameplay.  Timeless characters and graphics.  A class to fit any style you can possibly desire.

The formula that comprises TF2 never gets old.  Let's hope for another decade of good times!
Even now in 2019 and after almost 12 years since the release date TF2 is the most fun you can have online and it is never late to start playing this online masterpiece.
100000000000 / 10

Ya wanna know why I LOVE Team Fortress 2?, because Its the best game ever. Wanna play a casual match and have fun? Team Fortress 2. Wanna sit down and have a competitive match? Team Fortress 2. Do you wanna just play fucking Mine craft? Team Fortress 2
Honestly, This game was the best game I have played and will ever played in a long time. I suggest you install it right away if your PC can handle the huge amount of things happening in the screen. I've been playing this game ever since MVM and I guarantee that this isn't a dead game. It's still alive and still growing at that.

BEST GAME ON HISTORY OF WORLD, the devs arent lazy, its just that the community wants bigger and bigger updates.
i have played it for a couple of days b ut i think is good.
#wortssteamreviewever



Outstanding game. I have 3500+ hours on my main, and i've  played every map hundreds of times and it is still exciting and fun. Would recommend to anyone. This is a game that is easy to jump in and play, but extremely difficult to master.
[h1] My Experience in TF2 [/h1]

This is a well made, stylized, team based first person shooter. Teamwork is needed to win at higher levels of play, though lone wolfing is fine on lower skill levels such as on most public servers. There are 9 classes to choose from. Each class has unique weapons and abilities that allow each to fill a unique roll as part of a larger team. This provides for a challenging and rewarding experience when faced against opponents of similar or better skill levels.

There are two official modes of play: player versus player and 'Mann Versus Machine'.

Player versus player is a mode where one team of players battles against another team of players. Within this mode, there are different types of maps. Each type of map has it's own objectives for both teams to achieve.

'Mann Verses Machine' is a mode where a team of up to 6 players battles against waves of bots. Players collect money from destroyed bots. The money is divided equally among players in the team and can be used to purchase upgrades and abilities for the next wave of bots. The pay to play sub-mode, "Mann Up", gives rewards upon completing a "tour".

In addition to the official modes of play, there are several player made mods that introduce other modes of play such as 'Versus Saxton Hale', where a team of players battles against a player playing as a character named Saxton Hale; 'Dodge Ball', where two teams of players playing as Pyros must airblast rockets and other projectiles back and forth in order to stay alive; 'Zombie Mod', where a team of players must make it to the end of the map without dying to zombies that are played by other players; to name just a few of the many player made mods available.

In addition to game play, players will randomly receive free items from the game. Some of the free items given out are weapons, hats and crates. Hats can be worn by a class to change the appearance of that class. Crates can be opened with a key. Keys can be purchased from the Mann Co Store or from the Steam Community Market or traded for from another player. Most crates will list which items can be found within them. The trading community is very vibrant and kind, hundreds of thousands of USD are traded regularly between players on sites like backpack.tf or bazaar.tf, so many people with unique outlooks on the world. I've met some of my best friends through TF2 trading and sunk tons of money and even more hours into this game. 

The game has several communities for a player to choose from if a community is what you are looking for. The game is easy to pick up and play, either alone or with friends, yet has a depth of play that will keep you from becoming bored too quickly. The dynamics between the different classes, weapons, play styles, skill levels, modes and maps provides content for many hours of play. I'd recommend this game to anyone with two hands.
I mean, come on. Who hasn't played Team Fortress 2? 

Its basically a household name if you don't think about it too much.

So many memories. There's no way I cant love this game. 

Play it. Have fun.
The reason I always find myself coming back to this game is because what this game has is very special and that something is a community that loves this game as much as the developers do and want to see it succeed.I love this game because the community is also a major factor of the people that make new content for the game and that is what makes it in my eyes one of a kind. 11/10
Where to start with this game... Be it the quirky humour given by the taunts, or the captivating gameplay, this game will always leave a smile on my face. People say the community is dying, and that isn't untrue, but I'm not done with this game yet. Anyone new coming to this game, give it a try, if people say you aren't playing well, practice to show them otherwise instead of quitting all together.
Team Fortress 2 is such an amazing game with it's characters and gameplay (even though the community is quite toxic) the game is amazingly fun.


                                 Honestly 10/10 game I totally recommend you to play TF2
Best free to play game from when it's started to be free to play,
Anyway  R.I.P my old account - https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093583855/
I have been playing this game since 2009 and went through 2 steam accounts in the process. The game play is fun yet frustrating at times and there is a certain set of skills required to become good at the game (unless you main pyro and just W+M1). One issue id like to note out is that every so often you will run across LMAO box hackers in casual games but besides the wall hacks at very rare and specific moments the game is fun, addictive and a great story aswell. Rest in peace Righteous Bison you were always my favorite weapon.
Sigh.. good old TF2. Havent played it in a while but I felt like writing a review on it. 

I spent the most time on TF2 than any other game I have. I enjoyed the various classes and weapons, fun gameplay, creative and fun community servers, etc. It was the first game I ever spent real world money on back then when I didn't even have a job lol but this did it for me. I was involved with the trading community. I had HATS, many many hats! When I stopped playing it, I even got most of my money back by selling all the items so I mean if you are interested in that aspect then go explore that area of TF2. I enjoyed my time in TF2. 

But my enjoyment of it diminished over time. I still recommend it simply because its free! And the player base is not too toxic... uhh sometimes. Actually its a free-to-play game so expect some screaming kids... (just mute them). But the reason I stopped was that in recent years, the updates have been lackluster. It was not enough to keep me playing when there are simply many other better games out there. 

But I had good memories of it. I recommend it.
A team based fun game. All class has its own pros and cons, greatly balanced game. Unique game modes provide new ways of fps gaming experience, even after 10 years of the release. Way too many ways to connect with the game (playing, map creation, video shooting, jumping).
A classic gem that still has an active player base, Team Fortress 2 (Or TF2 for short) is a great game with a unique art style that, to this day, stands out and looks 100% appealing. The 9 Classes given are unique characters from different regions of US and Europe. Each class has a learning curve to their play style's that range from simple to pick up all the way to difficult to master (Spy being a difficult class to master IMO) and learning the ins and outs of each class is beneficial to your mastery of the class. Unique weapons for each class can be a double-edge sword, giving some stats that improve the classes general stats, such as health, damage and movement speed, whilst also providing debuffs that can hinder said stats, sometimes even to a crippling halt. Though using these weapons are actually fun and can be pretty deadly in the right situations and can even allow you to play a class that you had no intentions of ever playing or to use said item for crafting materials.

 TF2 also runs pretty flawlessly too (theres some exceptions to this, such as entering a server or starting up the game, but its understandable dip in framerate and can be easily disregarded), running at a silky smooth 60fps even on the lowest/most dated of PCs. I barely had any real hiccups with this game, then again I can run some other Valve games a 60fps no problem (like Left 4 Dead 2, which still feels like a $60 game to me due to the graphics)


My real gripe with the game is the Toxicity of the playerbase (NOTE: I could have easily put cosmetic crates and the dependency on the market for unique weapons here but those aren't my biggest gripes), dont get me wrong, there are some pretty nice and accepting people online and they tend to be the more forgiving/casual ones often using dances/taunts and having a good time..... it just that there are some people who take it too seriously and will go as far as to demonize anyone who doesnt take the game seriously (child players especially). there are other factors such as mooching for your hard earned weapons/items and/or the empty threats being spewed at you for either not taking the game seriously or dominating with a class you are experinced with. Its one thing to be passionate about a game, its another to threaten to kill someone just because they fragged you multiple times with Soldier or Demoman. I really think this is more of  a "personal" gripe more of than a universal one, but I knew to  expect this upon downloading the game.


At the end of the day, TF2 is a game that's super enjoyable to play and is even better with a couple of your friends, the game isn't perfect game but its a game worthy of being in your library, plus its Free to Play so just download for yourself, you wont regret it. :)
The only game where i can be toxic in chat and not be punished and also be called a "Nigger faggot who should burn and die in a hole like the degenerate i am" 


Honestly great game
I'm pretty sure that this game is dead to most people but this game will forever live!
Best team play game I've played (other than Paladins) and I really enjoy this game!!

Big recommendation from my side!!
A game where it is not skill, rankings or the ability to work well with others that defines a good player, but the hat sat perched atop his/her head. Where 12 year old edgy snipers who swiped their mothers credit card to get the sweet sweet team fortress coochy with their unusual anger and Hales Own Hitman's heatmaker run the streets. It is not about how many people you kill but instead about the sick taunts you can pull out after a kill or combine with friends taunts to make a cool combo-taunt. This game has been dead for longer than most of its fan base has been alive. 4^2/10 would ride the Engies "wrench" again ;D
Welp, I’ve had a fun time with this game. With over 600 hours clocked in. It makes me sad that I was falsely VAC banned, but maybe it’s a sign to stop playing this game. I love you valve, I love Team Fortress 2. I really wish steam support could do something but they think it’s a flawless system. “Steam support can not appeal bans” which is bullshit. Do you really think I would cheat after putting over 600 hours in? Really? I love this game and I’ll reccomend it to every single one of my friends. Just be careful on what you do. It could be seen as cheating and you don’t wanna end up like I did. Thanks for reading💞
i was born in 2004 which is the generation of fornite and some shitty games like today but no, i play what i like not what friends play. Im an old school kid, i listen to pop punk, heavy metal, play cs 1.6 :) and tf2. I enjoy to do what the 90s kids used to do. The only thing i want from Valve is care about your players, not because fornite has many players so u added Battle Royal mode to CSGO. Also care about TF2, dont let it dies, cs,tf2,halflife and some valve games, thats how people know steam. Dont forget about it !!!
This is a great game. Great throwback. I played this when I was just learning how to use a computer. About 8 or so. I had the Pyrovision goggles on, so if anyone is like " WHY IS AN EIGHT YEAR OLD PLAYING TF2 ;JASHFPIJADFRHGJKAFDHG " that's why. The painstaking wait is worth it for casual. The Pyro Update for sure WASN'T worth the wait, but still amazing. Been playing for so long. It's so fun. Avoid custom servers and all that, MvM and Casual are great. Stay away from VC, ignore the chat, and you'll be having great fun. And I'm a Pybro main, and I'm used to the ridiculous amount of critisism and hate. But, screw the community. Play for fun. Not kills. Not wins. Not loses. Just fun. :) (better than counter-strike you can dig up my review for it there it was so bad)
Wow, just wow. Twelve years and it's got the same magic that it's had for all these years. This game is such a good game because no matter how long you play it for you will always experience something new, whether it's the community or the fun stuff you can do with the cosmetics to weapons and your friends, it has so much to offer. This game is a game that you can play forever.
It is a great game for +7 age kids can play it but it has a little bit of some gore and blood but still a fun game there is no teamtalk but there is a chat some people write cuss words  played it a little bit. its ok
Good game, huge skill gap! Its good fun until you realize everyone is better than you...so if you're looking to get good well you'll probably find yourself sinking hundreds of hours into the game. I wouldn't play it unless you have time to kill but there is no pain in trying it C:
I've played Team Fortress 2 for over 2000+ hours and I really don't know what to say about it. I've met most of my friends through this game and Left 4 Dead 2 but this game doesn't get major updates often enough, you use to be able to have TF2 as your main game but this was before my time and nowadays you need another game to play just to wait the the "yearly summer" update just for cosmetics and weapon skins to be added and once in a blue moon a new weapon which will be buggy and will at someone will be fixed. You also have the issue of the hackers such hacks users and badly designed maps which sure you can disable but it's still annoying that I have to go through the maps and disable each one I dislike, another issue is how comp is still more barren then a desert and how I only really enjoy this game with friends or on community servers and the endless line of scammers on many games with economies like TF2 and how Valve expect you to know all about these scummy people, to be honest when I was a noob I did get my first unboxed unusual scammed, this was back when Opskins scamming was around and Valve don't really have any good guides on how to not get scammed as a noob so I had to find out from YouTubers and I know I was stupid for falling for it but keep in mind I was a noob at the time. Overall I would say give this a shot but don't expect to enjoy casual or certain people in the community. I rate this game 6/10
i haven't even reached a hour in TF2, but already got the [i]haunted[/i] chicken kiev. [b]the best thing could happen to me in 8 years[/b]
[b]10/10[/b]
I've Sunk a lot of hours into this game, and honestly i can't get sick of it. The movement mechanics feel great, and the community is a blast. Valve please keep updating this game i don't want it to die :(
This game is pretty cool. You can get different hats and weapons for each class! There could be a 10% chance you'll meet a hacker but the kicking system works amazing! I think unboxing crates isn't worth it but it's your choice.
This game is worth downloading because it's one of the best free to play games ever!
Very good game, I liked it. But do you something with auto-balance, valve. And I understand that you have very few people in the team, but the game needs updates.
Beautiful, just beautiful. I even daydreamed a free dlc for it: The Evilion Update. Consisting of The Iron Gauntlet And Power Surge as days 1 & 2, Frontline as day 3, Arms Race sereis as day 4, Mayyan as day 5, Siberian Winter as Day 6, and The Grand Finale as day 7, With new boss NPCs, 3 new Classes, (Vigilante, Executioneer, Freeman), And Un-nerfs, plus Patches/Fixes ripped apart by moi! And only the used-to-be-good ones. (Plus the Once-In-A-Full-Moon "LEAK!!!" Event! Featuring the BUYABLE Corrupted File, an All-Class cosmetic that causes your Playermodel to go haywire, and being able to buy long-gone things in the MannCo Store permenantly!)
10/10
The community is great. The memes are weird as hell. The fashion sense is bizarre. One of a kind experience, would recommend to anyone that likes a fast paced FPS.
Fun. That's about it. Except for the loud/completely obnoxious kids that mic-spam with no way to mute them. But I'd completely recommend that you try MVM/ Co-op Missions with your friends, They get really fun to do.
[h1][b]Ana's Team Fortress 2 Review[/b][/h1]

[i][b]Team Fortress 2[/b] is a [b]multiplayer first person shooter.[/b][/i]

[h1]Pros[/h1]
[list]
[*][b]Exciting gameplay.[/b]
[*][b]Good art style.[/b]
[*][b]Interesting plot.[/b]
[*][b]Great community.[/b]
[/list]

[i]The gameplay is pretty fun. Community servers can help players contribute to the community.[/i]



[h1]Cons[/h1]
[list]
[*][b]Somewhat unbalanced. [/b]
[*][b]Cheaters.[/b]
[*][b]Not to much content as of the recent years.[/b]
[/list]

[i]Its understandable why there isn't as much content being pushed out, as it is an older game.[/i]



[h1]Rating[/h1]

[b][i]8.5/10[/i][/b]

[b][i]Enjoyable and amusing.
Would definitely recommend.[/i][/b]
Probably my favorite game of all time.Almost endless content and stuff to learn with all 9 classes and gamemodes.Community is great most of the time altough you will find occasional cheater sometimes.
The only thing holding this game back is small developer team at valve.
This game is in top 5 steam games for 11 years for a reason.And that reason is fat scouts.
Praise the great fat scouts.
I would recommened this game to anyone that likes a basic shooter that they can play with their friends, but mainly because if you don't have freinds (like me) because the controls is easy to learn and you can do some pretty cool things if you play for long enough.         The charaters are interesting and funny and the game play is fun 10/10 would play again.
All what i need. Loveable characters, challenging skill training, and of course..hats!

Very much recommended to the beginner PC gamer. Keep up the good work Valve!
Despite the changes throughout the years of this game, the questionable buffs and nerfs, the system of hats and cosmetics, I would prefer this game over all my other games. It is fun, easy to pick up, hard to learn/master, amazing community, and most of all, hats.
This game is amazing and highly addictive and i love every minute of its gameplay and with this being said, i wish there was a corgi taunt and i give this game a 10/10 would play again
the game is fun and dinamic. But insists on changing team when you are playing in party with your friends and the random crits sucks. When these mechanics change. I will give the game a positive review.
I used to love TF2 so I recently booted it up again and... wow its changed alot from when it used to have to be purchased. it just  doesnt feel fun anymore. I wouldn't recommend playing it again for the nostalgia like i did. try something else instead
i perseonally like and play this game.
but for a person who put many hours into the game i do not reccomend this for any new players or any people who like playing competetive.
as much as this game has done good , it started to really die after valve barely supports it with updates.
when the game gets an update, its mostly SKINS and other reskins of weapons.
lets also not forget how difficult the game is to play.
for a player that has just installed the game, will have no chance of competing with other players.
its not like they instantly throw you in tutorial.
rather the tutorial is fucking bullshit
only 4 classes.
soldier
demo
spy
engineer

what about the other 5?
nothing ... suffer bacause valve doesnt want to add any more tutorials

playability wise , tf2 is a unplayable one.
the stock hud and settings are terrible
fov is at 70 and viewmodel fov is 54
and inportant things like autoheal interp and many more are barely changed from stock

lets also not forget hitreg.
MY GOD does it suck
its crazy how valve cares about CSGOs hitreg but tf2s being complete shait
most of your hits wont register, expecially when playing sniper.
meelee is absolute trash, makes sound . no damage.


preformance wise this game is wayy to laggy
3.0 GHZ proccesor is too excesive
and even then preformance can drop under 60 fps without issues.
THE ONLY WAY to have good fps is to tweak the game like hell.


community is preety shit.
looking at the good side it isint all that bad.
because it has a lot of creative and nice people in it.
but what isint good are
toxic friendlies
cancereus bind spammers
hackers
micspammers
toxic p2ps complaining about f2ps


overall i love this game.
the idea is great but in reality the game isint fun after some time.
and its not like valve updates it constantly

but if your looking for a good class based team shooter with a lot of wacky stuff.
this game is for you
This game has ruined me in every way possible. Its dead. It just is. Deal with it guys. I cant believe i wasted my time playing this game and wasted even more money on items for it. Just please anyone who is reading this dont play this game. Its not fun, its not well made, its not good. Just another gigantic failure by valve.
Eh. Had the game for almost a decade, with a lot hiatuses here and there. It was loads of fun at first during the early near-vanilla days. And having been through all the major updates over the years, it's both improved and gotten dull. The game flows smoothly, in a technical sense. But these days its a cluster fuck. The game is clustered with countless, bullshit vanity items and "unusual" weapons. The ranking system, as with all ranking systems, is broken. Updates are sparse, usually just localization files. Holiday events are just rehashed copies of the previous years, with nothing really new or standing out. Otherwise, the game can be fun and a decent way to pass the time. If you can ignore that, it's genuinely a pretty wacky shooter.

But the reason I can't recommend this game is the fact that cheaters are commonplace. It seems like Valve doesn't really have as much concern for cheating like they did several years ago. And, most servers are community servers. A lot of servers are poorly set up, allowing any vote-kicked cheater to simply rejoin in an instant as many times as they want. The community seems to be 50/50 on cheating. You wont see them every match, but expect to see them at least once a day if you're a daily player.

Also, avoid any community following for this game. They are literally the most toxic human beings on this earth. I'd rather reenlist in the army and spend my time arguing on (4) chan (lol they fucking censor the mention of that website jesus christ valve) than dealing with anybody from r/tf2 or any TF2 forums. Allowing comments because I'm sure this will trigger them.
The match making system has completely killed this game, Multiple times you'll get screwed over by the system... Either you get matched onto a game that has:

1/ Seconds left and i mean 1-10 seconds left and you get joined automatically onto the losing team (as they normally have less players)
2/ Less than 60 seconds left
3/ Completely unbalanced games where the autobalance doesn't work
4/ Auto balance will switch you too a losing team, regardless of if you are alive or not. This is the worst for engineers who have a full nest set-up and it will get completely destroyed

Balance in the game is also broken now, every class has some weapon that can completely counter a class or  is an OP'ed weapon.
Random crits are based on damage output meaning players dealing lots of damage will get the most crits (which case in point isn't random at all)

On top of this random bug throughout the game causing random crash/freezes, updates are far or nonexistent.

It is a fun game to play, and works well technically but its just such a mess now and it only seems to be getting worse.
Literally no point in downloading this. You get punished by the community for trying to play the game. Get kicked constantly for killing somebody in a regular match on a valve server, losing matches because your team decided to go heavies and just taunt in the middle of the map the entire round. Competitive is full of the absolute try hards and casual is full of people who want to play an idle servers but are too lazy to call up the community map browser.

Game should have been shut down years ago at this point, it's completely trashed and Valves attempts to save it were for nothing.
