Even after all these years, LIMBO is still one of the greatest indie-game. It's hard to classify it: it's a platformer, but it will rarely require good timing; it's a puzzle game, but you won't spend hours trying to figure out solutions; it's a horror game, but there's no blood, no jumpscare, not even fear, just a disturbing atmosphere. 

I wouldn't recommend this game if someone asked me to suggest a platformer, a puzzle game or a horror game. But for someone asking for something new and/or looking for a game with a peculiar atmosphere, I wouldn't hesitate one second. PLAY THIS GAME!
LIMBO is a grim platformer in which you journey through an eerie world full of darkened enemies to reunite with your sister. In terms of a story, that's about all you get. Rather, the strength of this game is its atmopshere, puzzles, and some aspects of exploration.

You're given no real context about who or where you are, creating a mysterious tone that endures throughout the game. The art direction complements this perfectly. At no point do you have to wait through loading screens; the world is designed very fluidly, with each area leading smoothly into the next. While the levels are mostly linear, you are expected to backtrack in several; the game encourages exploration, with side paths often leading to hidden rewards.

The controls are extremely simple, relying only on the arrow keys and Ctrl by default. The puzzles start out relatively straightforward, but progressively increase in both difficulty and complexity as you continue. With every successive level, you are introduced to a new mechanic or aspect of level design that enhances the traps. While the overall theme of the game is relatively somber, the more exciting areas require quick thinking and precise movements. Many of the later puzzles involve quite a bit of trial and error, but I never became overly frustrated with any of them.

The only issues I have with the game are that it is locked to 60fps in fullscreen mode, and that the controls cannot be changed from the in-game menu. However, these things are not especially problematic. All things considered, the atmosphere and puzzles are fascinating. It's well worth a playthrough, especially if you can get it on sale.
LIMBO is one of those 2-D platformer games with puzzle elements. You know, those games where you keep having to solve puzzles here and there moving objects, like crates, rocks, even dead bodies and deadly traps. I got this a long time ago, and this is the first time I actually tried playing this after casually "finding" it again in my library. 

Pros:

+ The controls are nice (I used a controller myself.), it feels intuitive and doesn't really fuck you over with high gravity or slippery floors. It's kinda fast paced and doesn't force you to do ridiculous jumps all the time like SMB or Electronic Super Joy. 

+ The soundtrack consists mostly of ambient noise and fragments of something that sounds like a song here and there. I enjoy it myself, being in this shadowy world that's completely in silence really helps to build up the atmosphere. Sometimes the music gets louder, sometimes it's in complete silence (Usually before something bad happens.)

+ Perhaps the thing I love the most about this game. The visuals; The whole world is black and white, with some kind of mist in the background. The characters are nothing but mere shadows, even the protagonist is a kid shrouded in shadows with just his eyes glowing. The world is gorgeous in a depressing way, after all, you're in Limbo. Forests, industrial areas, caves, lakes, even something that looks like a city. Rain pours down on you at some point, and it's nice and soothing. I really like the art style of this game. It's kinda gory too, your character can die in a wide array of painful deaths. Some are quite gory. Still, it's all in black and white, you'll see the shadows of your intestines. 

+ The world itself. This might count towards the visuals, though. This game is quite somber, and really atmospheric. You're adventuring into the unknown, and you'll find all kinds of weird stuff along the way. You'll find corpses all around, some of them suicide victims. Even the living beings in Limbo are hostile towards you. It truly is a cold and unforgiving world.

Neutral:

+/- This game gets quite challenging later on. This might be a con for some, a pro for others. Personally, I enjoy it myself. You simply CAN'T finish this game without dying quite a few times on the first run, because they game changes its rules at times, teases you, punishes you for taking the "easy" route. Sometimes, deaths are swift and gory, with less than a second to react. This game is a lot of trial and error, just like you'd expect from a game like this.

-/+ Another pro for some, con for others. This game is quite short. Puzzles are time consuming, and I dare to say, frustrating often, specially near the end of the game. Unless you use a guide, you might get stuck in there for a while. But if you know what to do and you don't die that often, you can easily finish this game in a couple of hours. 

Cons:

-  The trial and error IS unforgiving near the end. I personally enjoy this, again, but there are some parts where the game goes too far. I specially hate puzzles where your timing and positioning's gotta be spot on, or else you won't make it. This is INCREDIBLY frustrating if you're trying to get one of the game achievements, where you gotta die less than 5 times and finish the game in a single sitting. Sometimes, you know what to do, you know what to expect, but you were a few pixels away from the ideal position, and less than a second off. There, you're dead. I enjoy games that kick your ass with cheap deaths here and there, but I know lots of people would feel discouraged by this. 

- I won't tell you exactly what happens near the end, but you might not like it if you were expecting something amazing to happen. The journey was worth it for me. But the ending felt kinda weak.

All in all, I would recommend picking this game up in a sale. If you are into puzzle/platformer games (I am not, sadly. I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed), this is quite an interersting title. The visuals and ambience alone are worth it for me, and the game's short enough for me to avoid giving up in frustration before completing it.
A game as intuitive and creative as it is cold, lonely, and bleak. The young boy's journey through the darkness and the many threats hidden throughout it is a breathtaking experience. Beautiful artwork and a physics system that lends itself very well to the maze of masterfully crafted puzzles makes every mistake a brutal consequence, but encourages a learning attitude. A near perfect, and emotionally moving game I would play again in a heartbeat. 4.5/5
To make a good game you dont need
*main characters with muscles and charisma
*thousands kinds of demolishin weapons
*sandbox or huge maps
*zombies or other brainless creatures
*long dialogues
*even the colors!

You just need a good idea like limbo, and new kind of view!

This game kind of makes me feel like I'm playing an old NES game but with better graphics and less fun 8-bit music. Its very simple mechanics make it quite an interesting game. You start off with no idea of what's happening, no back story, no one popping up telling you "USE TEH ARROW KEYZ TO MOVE." It just throws you in the game, basically telling you, "you figure it out. You're smart, right?" Each time you fail a puzzle at first, you learn from your mistake how to go at it in a different approach. It's a fun little game that's a good game for reminiscing about simpler game times.
After properly completed this game with all of it's achievements (around 8 hours total playtime, but for some reason steam went offline for half of it) I can say that it was a great experience and a fun little game, steam categorised it as a horror game and I'm not sure that's what it is, even though it gives a few spooky vibes I find this game more deppressing than anything else. Just the fact that your playing as a little boy walking through the woods is quite unsettling. Of course, I won't spoil the game for anyone. Gameplay-wise, it contains a lot of puzzles which can be quite frustrating to play through, however you get a great feeling of accomplishement when completing them.

For anyone that wants to enter the realm of indie games, this is a great title to pick up, well worth the money,

thanks for reading :D
When i finished this game I just sat and thought about how i just played a game with zero talking, commentary, subtitles, and music.  Zero background on the plot.  Zero idea of any of the characters names. 

Yet I had more fun and got more attached to the characters than most games that have all of that.

10/10
Limbo is one of the best Indie-Titles out there. The puzzles of this game are not too hard but still add a lot of fun into the game. The atmosphere created by this game is simply amazing, there isn't any real story, or any story behind the whole world Limbo is playing in, but the story slowly builds itself with all the events happening. I really like the graphics of this game. It has its own little magic touch. Its worth the money and i really liked that game!
Limbo is horrifically beautiful.  It’s horrible, but startlingly pretty. A 2D puzzle-platformer built in black, grey and white. The figure of a young child hangs limply from a noose. Death is everywhere. White butterflies that flutter gently by are the only sign of hope. 

The boy you control has a twee outline, all floppy hair and short trousers. The boy’s task? To find his sister. That’s all you need to know. There is no back story, no dialogue or cutscenes. Just the drive to push on through the shifting mists and silhouettes of the game’s environments and puzzles.

Trial-and-error makes up a large park of Limbo, a game where death isn’t just likely but often a prerequisite to understand the mechanics of a puzzle. But these tasks usually delight more than they frustrate. Most are fiendishly clever without being obtuse and the satisfaction comes in pulling each apart piece by piece. They’re tremendously varied too; some play with perception, while others see fit to flip gravity. There’s plenty of puzzles that run through the game’s short but perfectly formed running time of around five hours. And underpinning them all is good old-fashioned twitch platforming, with you maneuvering the boy; jumping, moving crates, and swinging across bottomless ravines.

Overall verdict: 
Highly recommended!
It's your common platformer puzzle game... made by satan.
Honestly, this game was a little bit of a disappointment when it comes to the "puzzles", I found them quite easy, I saw a lot of hype a few years ago about this game so I thought it was pretty hard.
Also the story is short, it only took me 3 hours to beat it, and an extra hour to look for a couple of achievements..
On the other hand, though, this game is rather unique, both in terms of art and story, which makes this game really worth playing, just not worth the 10€ it costs.
I'd suggest you to buy this game when it's on sale (Like I did) because 3/4 hours of gameplay is not worth 10€. (I'm a cheapskate, I know.)
Limbo is for me, truly original piece of art. Dark, harsh tone, black and white gore, and challenging puzzles are major pluses. Other thing i adore, is vizualization itself. This all together brings unforgettable gaming experience. Even though i said puzlles are big plus, they are also a minor minus. I felt that, sometimes are just too hard, especially when i was closer to the end. Some people find this type of challenge great, but at some point, i was discouraged to finish this game. In the end i really enjoy playing this game, it was different type of joy, depressive joy i could say.

[i]Grade:[/i][b] A[/b]
LIMBO is a puzzle platformer indie title released in mid 2010. It was originally released as an Xbox Live Arcade exclusive, before eventually moving to the PlayStation and PC in 2011, it latter got  another port to PlayStation Vita and iOS, and yet another one onto the Xbox One and PlayStation 4, this goes to show just how popular this game is and how well received of a title it was. 

This is a 2D side scroller platformer which uses the Box2D physics engine, which you may of heard of because it is also used in Angry Birds, and plenty of online Flash Games.  You play as a young boy, and travel through the world filled with dangers and traps as you search for your lost sister.  The puzzles in this game have a very trial and error theme to them. You probably will die a few times on the puzzles before you figure out the correct way of doing it. Each death comes with a horrific image of the poor boys rag dolled body plummet, get chopped up, speared, drowned, pretty much any sort of tragic death, this poor lad will go through it all. 

The graphics are very simple, but very elegantly produced. Its a 2D side scroller so don't expect to see mind blowing realistic graphics; what LIMBO offers is beautifully crafted black and white tones. it is amazing how much atmosphere is generated just from the colour tones alone. The use of light and grain effects really create a spooky atmoshphere which alot of games try to produce but fail to capture as well as LIMBO.  This game is often used as an example that videos games should be classed as a form of art. 

LIMBO has a very open ended story; the main plot is you are trying to find your lost little sister; and that's about as much information as you get. I don't want to spoil the ending too much, but I was a LITTLE bit disappointed with it and I really hope that there might be a sequel eventually to this game to find out more. 

There is next to no audio in the game, and no music. All of the sound effects are very minimalist, this fits in well with the spooky atmosphere which is being created, and probably makes it feel all that more eerie 

A couple of puzzles in LIMBO had me scratching my head quite a bit before I was finally able to figure out what to do. I would warn you - there is a lot of jumping style puzzles and platforming events to get through. In my opinion, jumping puzzles are the worst, but they obviously have to be in platforming games so I just had to battle on through. The game does offer a very good respawn/checkpoint system though. If you die, you won't end up miles and miles behind where you just were, you'll normally spawn right before you messed up to let you try again - this made the trial and error mechanic work so much better as you don't have to replay content you have just got past. 

This game's world is so well made, yet it doesn't have anything to interact with other than the puzzles, the minimalist theme keeps you on track the whole time, and you have little chance to explore off the track, simply because there is nothing to explore, it's a one track minded game, essentially you need to get from A to B, and you cannot come off the track. That's not necessarily a bad thing; games these days are often too "open world" style, and often overwhelm the player with too much to see. I liked how LIMBO kept me focused on the task at hand, which was the puzzles and progressing through the dark world I was in. 

To play LIMBO from start to finish, it took me just under eight hours. That felt like the perfect length for the game, I would of liked to see a little more of the plot unfold, but it does leave it open ended for a possible sequel in the future. I see little reason to play it through more than once. It's 100% linear, and you will always end up with the same outcome and even the puzzles don't have more than one way to complete them, so unless you want to go achievement hunting, there is no reason to replay LIMBO. 

LIMBO is certainly a highly popular game, and is so for good reason. The game does very little wrong in any of the criteria, and it showcases just how an indie game should be developed and published. The game has gone from strength to strength since being released on Xbox Live, and it still alive and kicking on the current gen consoles. For the price of £6,99, you are getting a simply amazing game. 

[b][u] Tom's Score Card[/u][/b]
1) Stay away
2) Only recommended when on sale
3) Recommended
[b][u]4) Highly recommended[/u][/b]
5) This is a must play

If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at http://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/

http://store.steampowered.com/app/48000


Surreal, eerie, and kind of depressing. Yet, it is comforting in a strange way. One of the best atmospoheres I have ever seen in a game. Puzzling is unique. The strangeness of it makes  you want to know what you are even doing there. The art and atmosphere make this a brilliant game.
LIMBO is a superlative illustration of a dystopian world. Nightmares turn into reality for a small boy who wakes up in this pitch-black cataclysm. With nothing to tell him where to go or what to do, he wanders forth into the unknown.

From the short introduction into the boy's predicament, the shadows and darkness encroach him in a perfect noir setting. The graphics are simple, but compliment the setting impeccably. The game runs perfectly on any machine, and never leaves a steady frame rate, running at 60 frames per second on higher-performance machines.

Sound effects in LIMBO are stunning. An eerie atmospheric stereo soundtrack sounds so realistic with headphones, it's almost like you are in the game. Water, footsteps and enemies sound mysterious and create a mood that both intrigues and repels, which is a rarity in video game soundtracks.

LIMBO's story is one of mystery. The solemn-looking boy has no words, but at the same time he can convey a meaningful message of despair and sorrow. His agility is quite good, even if his jump is somewhat feeble. The platforming elements of LIMBO are simple, but work wonderfully. Ladders, boats and vines are utilised in obvious but unique ways, and makes gameplay different after every stage. Enemies are not the only threat in LIMBO. Yes, there is a giant spider, but you can die just as much by this than a gap in the floor or vicious spikes protruding out of the ground in hap-hazard directions. Death is everywhere in LIMBO, and the scene painted by Playdead is definitely bone-chilling.

In my opinion, LIMBO is a wonderfully dark portrait of a universe that both frightens and invites. LIMBO is definitely melancholy, but its wonderful mechanics, story, sounds and controls combine to create a game that should be a must-have for anyone who enjoys an unknown adventure. LIMBO's world left me speechless, but at the same time I wouldn't hesitate to dive into its hellish depths again.
[quote]
Grim journey somewhere between the worlds.

[h1]It's about:[/h1]
[list]
[*] anxiety, tension, fear, darkness and macabre atmosphere;
[*] jumping and solving puzzles.
[/list]

[h1]Why you should play this:[/h1]
[*] you like horror games (try it even if you don't like horror games);
[*] you like platformers and puzzles;
[*] thoughtful level-design with hidden areas;
[*] small details in level's enviroment, a lot of shades - game doesn't look simplistic due to using only 2 colors;
[*] great sound effects;
[*] tricky, but simple puzzles.
[/list]

[h1]Why you may not like it[/h1]
[list]
[*] it's difficult to make yourself start to play - game looks too melancholy;
[*] black-white design sometimes does not allow to define where's active object and where's just a scenery;
[*] despite the fact that puzzles are mostly simple you can stick because it's not always clear what the puzzle is - it's like cracking unfinished riddle.
[/list]

[i]Lack of colours, no dialogs, no intro or outro, no word at all and, yet, such unbeleivable level of expression.[/i]
[/quote]
One of the best platformer puzzle games out there. The music, atmosphere & story makes it unique, so whether it's free or not it's a must to have.


PS. If you're color blinded person &/or love spiders this is your game.
i got this game when it was free, not very suprised it costs money now. 
without a doubt the best game ive ever played, the plot the levels and the gameplay are just perfect!
big thumbs up to the makers of this game.

PS. this game is worth its money. id pay 20 euro's for it if i knew how good this game was gonna be
[b]This is a rather long review, so if you want a summary of why I recommend this game skip to [u]Results[/u] and read from there.[/b]

Playdead games strikes gold with the hit title LIMBO. LIMBO is a game which keeps you guessing with interesting puzzles, complex scenarios, and an intriguing story. The games artistic styling’s does not seem cheap, but rather creates an ambience that makes LIMBO seem rather elegant. 

[b]Summary:[/b]
LIMBO is a side scroller where you play a young boy who is on an adventure to seek his missing sister. The game is a platform game with integrated puzzles to solve in order to progress through to the next part of the game. The grey-tone of the game creates a rather fearful and discerning environment where a gruesome fate looks poetic. The game gets progressively harder and the puzzles become more challenging as you progress, although once you get a hang of the game you'll figure out it’s not too difficult. You meet many challenges along the way from rising water levels, monsters that force you in a direction, rope swinging, traps, and more that keep you on your toes. LIMBO is a great game which offers fantastic yet horrific scenery, music, and ambience. The game keeps you on your toes and the clever grayscale art style allows a rather terrifying world to be poetic. 

[b]Controls:[/b]
My major gripe about this game was the control system. Although, I write a lot about this, it is actually a rather minuscule problem and doesn't at all ruin the games experience. You cannot edit the controls from inside the game, because the developers decided not to allow key-mapping within the games interface you must exit the game and edit the settings file within the LIMBO steamapps folder. The controls are worse because the jump command which is listed in the settings file is not an actual command in the game; there are only five commands: Left, Right, Up, Down, and Use. There are no resolution settings, so if you are using an odd resolution you may have problems playing this game. The one complaint I have towards this game is that character doesn't always respond well to the controls, which causes a lot of deaths that could easily be avoided if the character control system was better. 

[b]Gameplay Hints:[/b]
[spoiler]>When you get a brain slug running under the light allows you to turn the other direction.
>The "up" key (mine was W) is not a jump key, it moves you up and coincidently this means you jump with it. When gravity field reverses you must use the "down" key (S) rather than "up" key (W) to jump as you are moving down. 
>Do not hold the "up" key while on a rope as if you do clicking the "left" or "right" key will jump you off the rope. If you are not holding the "up" key then you will just swing left and right gaining momentum.[/spoiler]

[b]Results:[/b]
Overall this game is a fun, the puzzles are challenging, difficulty curve is smooth, scenery is fabulous, ambience is frighteningly amazing, gameplay is elegant, and the symbolism makes the story phenomenal. I would completely recommend this game. [b]I purchased it at a discount, but if I knew it was this fun I would have paid full price.[/b]

Pros:
+Amazing environment
+Great level design
+Challenging puzzles
+Mysterious and freaky ambience
+Fun achievements
+Great checkpoint system
+Beautiful story
+Not too long, but not too short
+Very fun secret achievement

Cons:
-No key mapping within the actual game
-No resolution settings
-Poor character control (it is not too bad once you get used to it, but at first its hard to get used to)
+ Eerie, atmospheric and a noir indie masterpiece
+ Great puzzles, not overly complex
+ Superb ambient sound (the lack of music enhances the oppresive mood)

- The ending is underwhelming
- Way too short
Note: This game been tried out and reviewed in Steam offline mode or on Consoles.

One of the strangest game I've played in years this one! When you hear the title of this game, you think it could be a party game. Instead, it really is a dark, horrifying platformer, where you have to guide a cute little boy through the dark world called Limbo: A place between heaven and hell. At least that is what has been told. 
In fact, there is no storyline at all. All that you know is that the boy wakes up in a dark forest, and has to make it's way to the end.
It will not be an easy walkover, though: The further you get, the harder it will become. The boy will easily fall victim to a cruel and painful death.

Overall: Limbo offers a variety of incredible puzzles, outstanding visual/sound design, and an immersive world that you will not want to come out of.
If you would like to play an original, challenging platformer, Limbo is surely recommendable.
Got this free when they were giving it away through the Steam storefront almost 3 years ago as promotion for Inside's release. As of today I've 100% completed the game and can confirm it would have been worth paying for, even if only during a sale.

It's a fairly short game, depending on how good you are with physics puzzles and 2D platforming. Minimalist too, with a grainy gothic aesthetic. Less precision required than the hand-drawn look lets on - most of the platforming in this game seems to be about making leaps of faith, just hoping you don't die on impact.

I recommend this game regardless of whatever you're into, it's that fun and casual.
Bruh, it's free. As a simple Dutch man, I need to have it. 



Off topic:


it's a great game. Just [Strike]buy[/Strike] get it. It's amazing fun.

Edit : Dr. Krieger and RetroBionical pointed out that this game is not free anymore. Ha, you missed a chance to get a game for free.
Limbo shows players and even developers that you don't need games with a lot of mechanics, to make something good.

Limbo is a platform game where you basically can:
- jump 
- move ">","<"
- grab

The gameplay is simple, every chapter has its own hidden objetive, once you find it, you have a small challenge.

The world is dark, makes you want to explore it, sinister.

This game is dif from the others because of its simplicity, you don't need much, but you have to think a lot, sometimes you gotta go back because you need something you left behind.

LIMBO is relaxing, simple, and challenging at the same time, i don't think it is a game for all ages, because of the fact it is back and white, but still, looks amazing.
LIMBO maybe failed on the story telling, i've been playing for a while, and i don't know yet what the objetive is, also, the soundtrack could be much better, still, i want to try INSIDE on the future.

I give LIMBO a 9/10 (Haven't reached the end yet)
There are so many reviews you'll never see mine, but frankly this is the best game I've bought for $2 since portal was on sale, and would highly recommend this to even non gamers
Limbo’s distinctive experience just as much as it's a 2D platformer with puzzle elements. The game in motion is a sight to behold and if you enjoy any kind of black and white art this game will most likely satisfy your chiaroscuro fancies a plenty.

The puzzle platforming itself is nice and varied and entertaining throughout and though a game such as this doesn't lend itself to much replayability the initial 5 hours or so it takes to finish the game are well worth the modest price of the game if you enjoy the genre and the beautiful if macabre setting and art direction. Even if you don’t but appreciate a well crafted interactive entertainment it’s a must play.
Skip along through the nightmare land
To the beat of the Limbo band
Get it goin, the water flowin’
And by the way, ya can’t swim.

All the people ya meet are rude
Plus the spider who thinks you’re food
Do whatever, you’re here forever
In short it feels a bit grim.

Limbo! Limbo! 
Come get stuck in Limbo!
Limbo! Limbo! 
No one can hear you cry.
I'm not a big fan of platformer games. But this is one of a few I finished and I really enjoyed. Maybe because it's just not a typical platformer. There is more than just jumping and solving easy puzzles. Of course those elements are also included, except some puzzles are not so easy.
This more is atmosphere. This is one of the most atmospheric game I've ever played. Lights, sound, opponents, all elements create gloomy and violent, but beautiful world. This is really one of rare examples, when gaming is combined with art.

VERDICT:
I recommend this game to absolutely everybody. Maybe not for small children, cause it may be too scary for them.

Like this review? Consider to join [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/GoodGamesGR#]Good Games Giveaways & Reviews[/url] group and maybe press big sexy "Follow this curator" button on our [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/GoodGamesGR#curation]curation page[/url] to read more reviews and win free games.
Just a little story about dystopian world and small boy who wants to find his sister and get out from that dark reality.

Exciting: 8/10 (but only in first time)
Game mechanics: 8/10
Sound environment: 10/10
Graphics: 6/10 (quite simple even for 2011)

Overall rating: 8/10, I really like that game. 


Limbo is a very Good Strategy Game that will often leaving you asking your self "How stupid am I?" when u cant finally figure out some of the levels... The Game has some very dark tendencies (e.g. using someones dead body to help you get across water, or ripping off a bugs leg to help you climb something....) Overall the Game is good, and at its price its definitely a good experience, overall would I recommend people to get this game... Yes I would, It's a Fun game that will really make you think alot to get through some levels.
Now I got this game for Free when it was free for like a [b]Day[/b].

The Art of the game is beautiful.......[u]Black and White and Beautiful[/u].
Puzzles are Hard but not as hard as [b]"impossible and give up"[/b] like Hard.
I didn't get bored a single second while playing this game, Looking forward to play [b]Playdead[/b]'s Inside.
But I kinda feel dissapointed that the game was Short. [spoiler]Two Hours of Gameplay Only[/spoiler].
The contrasty monochromatic film look in combination with the whimsical animations of some of the highly silhouetted characters really make for an interestingly eerie horror feel. The puzzles in this game shouldn't have you guessing for too long at first, but there was one I needed help with. I wished it was a bit longer, but even so, it's worth retail, would definitely say it's worth it under any discount
Gorgeous, unique silhouette art style with incredible subtle lighting effects; amazing sound design that actually helps you play the game; surprisingly rich atmosphere for such a minimalistic game; great gameplay (after a bit of getting used to your character's more realistic maneuverability compared to most video game heroes); puzzles so clever you'll think Valve went 2d.  And to top it all off, the hidden eggs and bonus level are that rare kind of super-fair, intuitive challenge, rather than over-the-top nonsense.  The biggest gripe would be that there are a handful of points in the game where you have to simply wait around for a bit too long, but it's nothing major.

If you still haven't played this, give it a go.  It's a small game with a one-of-a-kind atmosphere and everything about it just fits right.
An independent platformer developed by a Danish company called Playdead. Limbo has a unique, eerie atmosphere that usually characterises the horror genre. The atmosphere is the result of the dark (black and white) presentation and the lack of music throughout the adventure.

It is one of those trial-and-error games where in order to successfully solve a puzzle in many cases you either need to react quickly or you have only one chance for a perfect execution. If you fail you can start all over from the previous checkpoint and you should also watch how the boy dies (often in quite a gruesome way). To be honest, I can easily imagine that this unique presentation deters some gamers from even trying out the game. Its trailer, in fact, presents the game's one-of-a-kind aesthetics very well.

There is a nice learning curve here and the game has some easter eggs for you to collect - mainly for the purpose of extra achievements, of course. If you love hardcore gaming you can complete Limbo in one sitting with fewer than 5 deaths to earn the hardest achievement of the game.

Limbo has a unique atmosphere. While it is not a long platformer it certainly is a great game. Unfortunately, due to its length and genre I consider 10 EUR a bit too expensive - still, we all know there are regular discounts so until it happens it deserves a place in everybody's wishlist.
[h1][b]LIMBO					* 8/10[/b][/h1]

The Combination of Minimalism and Difficult platform gave birth to LIMBO.

That line would be enough to describe this platform. Minimalism is some kind of philosophy in every aspect of this game, even before you buy it, the synopsis briefly reports you're down in Limbo because you're worried for your sister. That's all. Fine. As soon as you load the game you have nothing to set, no graphics, no keys, you just start the game waking up in limbo.
There's no tutorial nor any explanation so you have to guess that the arrow keys move your character and CTRL is used to grab objects to pull or interact with buttons. The game won't explain anything at all but it's quite self explanatory as the purpose of the game is just to go on avoiding obstacles, solving riddles, and getting past traps and "enemy entities" you might encounter from time to time. And you will die. A lot. Because there are lots of traps and ricks, but there's no need for a tutorial as all riddles and obstacles are presented with a very balanced growing difficulty starting with simple puzzles and arriving to very tough and complicated riddles mixed with arcade sections giving a great challenge. Also, there's no save system, but an automatic and very frequent checkpoint system.

Visual art is minimalistic as well. Very minimalistic indeed as everything is in black and white, and the ambient is made of grey scales but everything is drawn with a great artistic taste as there will be interesting backgrounds and great light slices giving occasional inspired landscapes.

According to the game's minimalistic philosophy, music is almost non existent replaced by ambience effects or single notes played softly mixed with loud noises coming from dangers or props to emphasize the sensation of danger.

[h1]+++PROs+++[/h1][list]
[*][b] GAMEPLAY.[/b] This is the soul and the point of the game: going ahead, get past the dangers, solve riddles and survive. Riddles and traps will provide a really great and entertaining incrasing challenge.
[*][b] MINIMALISM.[/b] The game is designed to be minimalistic under every aspect and this turned out being a  winning point for the game because you have to solve hard and difficult riddles with simple controls not to mention the inspired art conceived in plain black and white.
[/list]
[h1]---CONs---[/h1][list]
[*][b] MINIMALISM.[/b] Minimalism itself can be a turndown because I can understand the gameplay, but at least the devs could have made me choose the key bindings. I know besides arrows the only key you need is CTRL but maybe I want to choose and, more importantly, know about that key. Also the lack of music after hours of gaming is really missed.
[/list]

[i]I played this game on this machine:
Laptop Lenovo Z50
Intel Core i5-4210U
8Gb RAM DDR3
GeForce 840M/Intel HD Graphics 4400
Windows 10 Home x64[/i]

[quote] You can follow my reviews through my curator page: [url=store.steampowered.com/curator/28510673]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You can also join my Steam group: [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/EverybodysReviews]Everybody's reviews[/url]
You  are welcome to join and post your own reviews, we can support each other![/quote]
LIMBO is a game about a little boy searching his lost sister in a dark world called Limbo where those who believe in neither Heaven nor Hell go. The controls are very reactive, and despite a bouncy/soft feeling, they are very responsive. The game isn't the longest at about and average of 3.5 hours, but challenges you almost every few minutes, so those 3.5 hours feel more like 5. The style of the game is very nice and mellow, with a shadowy look and deep surrounding sound effects and ambiance. The game engine allows for amazing physics, so jumpin, moving, and even dying feel smooth and real. This game is really fun and can be enjoyed if the player can accept defeat.
LIMBO is a side scroller puzzle game, developed and published by Playdead (creators of the spiritual successor, INSIDE). I cannot say much about this game's review so let's talk about gameplay, art style and theme of the game. I got this game for free when Playdead announced LIMBO would be free to celebrate their latest release, INSIDE (you should check it out, yo). You play as a lost boy who mysteriously arrived in the forest without explanation (You can interpret things what is going on). The theme of the game is monochromatic with minimalistic feel (no HUD or anything at all) and disturbing content. You come across with puzzles as you progress throughout the game and they are clever design that made stupidly easy and also required timing and reaction time. This game is very difficult than it would be. The soundtrack is well designed as well. The duration of this game is short (at least 3 and a half or less than that if you are speed runner player).

[h1]+ Pros[/h1]
[i]+ Level Design[/i]
[i]+ Mystery Story in your own interpretation[/i]
[i]+ Monochrome with minimalistic art style[/i]
[i]+ Immersive Sound Design[/i]
[i]+ Pacing[/i]

[h1]- Cons[/h1]
[i]- There's nothing negative about this game (unless you whinge about the difficulty of the game, so feel free to put that as a con for some)[/i]

Overall, this game is such a great game. The best platform game I have ever played. The level design, mystery story, the minimalistic art style and clever puzzle design made me push forward to finish the game. You can go back and start a new game again to find the secret eggs or finish the game at minimum 5 deaths, in order to get achievements. I highly recommend this game, it's a 10 out of 10, a highly recommended game to play.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuc16aYzKi0

Limbo shows that it doesn’t take a massive budget, or massive explosions, or gpu melting 3D visuals to make an amazing gaming experience. The game is actually about as bare bones as it gets when it comes to both game mechanics and visuals yet it’s the simplicity that makes the game a truly amazing gaming experience. Limbo is a 2D puzzle platformer game that puts you in control of a silent young boy who finds himself in a dark, mysterious, incredibly dangerous, forest where everyone and everything is out to get him.

The game boasts a gorgeous black and white atmospheric art style that perfectly portrays the emotion filled nightmare of a world that you have been placed in. The eerie sounds pair perfectly with the creepy visuals to completely immerse in in the beautifully designed levels. The game makes sure not to distract you from the gorgeous simplicity, as there are no interrupting cut scenes, dialogue, HUD, or tutorial, from start to finish the game is one seamless experience.

As you control the young boy you are limited to simply ‘jump’ and pushing or pulling of various objects, so to say you’re defenseless against the creepy crawlers that lurk in the dark would be an understatement. You must use your wits and react quickly to out maneuver and outsmart the faster, stronger enemies who wait around every corner. The controls are tight and precise and the physics are realistic, there won’t come a time when you die from missing a jump and feel like you were robbed. 

The puzzles get progressively harder and harder throughout the game, however there was only one time that I became too frustrated with the game and had to take a short break. The game isn’t difficult per se, however you will die a lot, the game will kill you with what are seemingly cheap deaths just for the sake of killing you, but each death is meant as a learning experience, and you won’t be too badly punished as the game re-spawns you within feet from where you died. This type of “trial by error” gameplay teaches you how the environment around you responds to your actions without having to include an obnoxious, intrusive tutorial to hold your hand through the game.

Overall the game is relatively short and shouldn’t take any longer than 3-4 hours to complete from start to finish. But don’t let the short play time discourage you from picking up this absolute gem of a game or you could easily miss out on one of the finest platforming experiences available on PC. 

The beauty and simplicity of the game is what makes Limbo feel so refreshing, the beautiful art style and magnificently eerie environment will completely immerse you in this demented, mysterious, world. The controls are spot on and the puzzles are challenging enough that you will feel accomplished when you complete one. Limbo is a seamless masterpiece from start to finish with the only downside being that you’ll keep craving more. 
 

If you've ever played a creepy black-and-white platformer, it doubtless owes Limbo a debt for paving the way. Its release on Xbox Live Arcade nearly seven years ago practically opened up a new genre of platformers to explore, those that unsettle and perplex with their ominous atmosphere and threatening aesthetic. We're a long way out from those heady days, and it's worth considering how well Limbo holds up now especially in the wake of its spiritual successor, Inside. But I can tell you up front, even coming to it now for the first time you won't be disappointed.

Limbo starts you off with no fanfare whatsoever, as a silhouetted child awakening in a forest. With no guidance you head rightward in search of something, probably not the deadly traps and machines and creatures that you find, though. Your journey will take you through the darkest parts of the forest, the forgotten corners of industry, and the decrepit heights of the city, with death awaiting you at every turn. There are no items and no real enemies, just you scrambling through a world that feels like it very much does not want you there.

As far as gameplay goes, you run, jump, climb, and push things. Your jump is a sad little hop that skews pretty hard on the realistic side, but levels are designed with this in mind and being more ground-bound helps keep your options focused. You'll need to do plenty of mantling up ledges and swinging on ropes, along with no shortage of crate pushing, log pushing, rock pushing, and so on. These skills will help you traverse the dangerous territories of Limbo, usually by overcoming some basic trap or hazard but later by clearing a path through more complex puzzle rooms.

It's important to note that the traps and puzzles never feel contrived, as they always have some discernible purpose in the bleak world you find yourself in. Spike pits and bear traps were clearly built by someone, machines have gears and hatches to negotiate, and the creatures you meet behave in strange and wild ways as suits their designs. Puzzles in Limbo tend to be the gratifying kind, the ones that make you feel clever for sorting them out even if they're simple to begin with. It's thanks to some straight-forward design that makes solutions seem obvious, along with some excellent environmental detailing that helps obscure the most obvious parts.

There are aspects of the game that are left too vague, however. Limbo has no shortage of ways to kill your hapless child but isn't always clear on how it plans to do it. A lot of deaths can easily be described as cheap the first time you encounter them by springing an unseen trap or not reacting to some new mechanic quick enough. The prime example for me is a pair of crushers in a cave about 1/3 of the way in. The first one has a raised plate, and if you step on it, you're safe; stepping on any other part kills you. The second one is the exact opposite, with the plate calling down instant death. This kind of design guarantees that nearly every single player will die at least once here, with survival being a literal matter of luck.

Death isn't a big deal in Limbo because the checkpoints are numerous and respawning happens swiftly. Still, the frequent unforeseen deaths have the potential to frustrate and are only really mitigated by how well they fit with the atmosphere. The lo-fi monochrome graphics give the game a terribly ominous and solitary feel that is built upon by the many unsettling and downright disturbing sights you'll come across. Atmosphere is Limbo's greatest asset, with few games even getting close to its horrific feel. Every time you see a new creature or device or even a shadow in the background you'll be wondering if you should fear it, even though you likely will already.

The sharp design elements that made Limbo an instant classic so many years ago have not dulled in the slightest. The aesthetic is still at the top of the genre, the puzzles remain clever and rewarding despite a glut of similar platformers, and the simple gameplay does not get old through the 2 or so hours it will take to finish (though be prepared for an extremely abrupt and unclear ending). There are some secrets to find if you're diligent, but really the beautiful, haunting journey is what you want to focus on here. It's just as good as it was at release, and anyone who likes their platformers creepy should have already gotten on this by now.



Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them at https://goldplatedgames.com/ or on my [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/audish#curation]curation page[/url]!
Indie games, like everything else in gaming, is hit or miss. Some indie games attempt to bring something new to the table while others take a familiar formula and mix it up a bit. Limbo is the latter taking elements from games that veteran gamers will probably recognize, but put in a package that has not been seen before.

In Limbo, you control a boy that’s looking for his sister in Limbo. Yes that’s all you get for storyline because there will be plenty of interpretations of the plot once the gaming public gets their hands on it. There are so many nuances and details throughout the game that you feel that there’s a deeper story hidden, and the only way to learn about that story is to replay certain areas again and again to see how it all fits. A common theme you’ll find in this review that the simplistic look and gameplay of Limbo is just the surface of this complex game.

Reminiscent of an indie film, Limbo is only done in black and white. No colors or 3D, but instead a very animated 2D style. Your character has a very artistic look to him with only white eyes on a black silhouette, and the world has many instances where the objects and creatures on screen are simply mesmerizing. Again, what comes to mind when playing through this game are those movies that choose black and white rather than color to give their film a distinct yet considerably powerful look to it as Limbo has done. Keeping the game devoid of color, your mind wants to almost see the color that should be there making you pay even more attention to those object that should have some sort of color to it. Then there are scenes that are so detailed that you may overlook the lack of color because you see so much around you that color becomes not important. It’s simply an impressive sight to see a game that has no color yet provides such artistic imagery.

As the graphics of Limbo remind me of various black and white movies, the game itself brings back memories of multiple games that I’ve played throughout my time as a gamer. Essentially the game combines platforming that most gamers are familiar with, and puts you in puzzle situations that require a lot of thought. As you make your way through the level, you’ll eventually come to an obstacle of some sort. Whether it be a ledge too high to reach, a body of water to traverse, or a creature in your way, it will be your task to figure out how to get by as your character does not have any abilities aside from jumping, running, and interacting with objects.

Not only does your character not have any abilities, but the boy is frail. In the words of Until We Win host Lord Kat, you’re going to die... a lot. You can’t swim, survive long drops, defend yourself against creatures, or even take a hit to the head from a box falling from a certain height. Limbo might as well have been called "Trial andError" as you will be doing that for hours on end. Thankfully the developers Play Dead Studios (kind of fitting that they would have "dead' in their name) made dying less of a hassle. The game is split into areas where the puzzle is located. This means you’ll always find yourself right when the puzzle starts, and you can’t get any further until you pass the puzzle. The deaths in the game are particularly brutal making for this to be the bloodiest black and white game. Dying is especially painful to watch in certain situations when you realize that this is a child that has just been offed in such a callous way. It fits with the nature of the game as the seemingly simple and innocence of a child searching for his sister takes such a harsh turn making for a more dramatic experience sans the audible narrative.

Taking about 4.9 hours on average to complete, the only true reason to keep playing Limbo is for achievements. I must add the achievements are far from being conventional as well as being far from easy making for a true challenge for achievement whores.

Limbo is a game for a certain type of gamer. A gamer that enjoys a good challenge in a game rather than having it be overtly difficult, someone that appreciates a game that feels familiar to other games of the past, while not being a complete knock-off, and wants a taste of something new with a flavor that is still recognizable. For that reason, I can’t recommend that everyone needs to play this game, but I do feel that people should play this game. If anything, this game is one of those refreshing breaths of air that a gamer needs to take here and there to remind you that there are games that offer something different. 

[b]My Rating: 9.1/10[/b]





I am impressed.
- Relaxing ambience
- Fun and funny puzzles (physics based too)
- Unique artistic game play

It is only a simple little game but it was very well made.
[b]Limbo[/b] has an abundance of richness, from the detailed environments & character animations, to the eerie depth of view created from the monotone colour palette with the blurring/film grain effects applied on top. Artistic styling is unique giving a strong dreamy/nightmare[i]?[/i] feel that really sucked me in. Subtle use of sound, initially feels lacking but actually enhances the atmosphere & is also used as a mechanic in some of the fantastic physics based puzzles found throughout. These puzzles above everything else were what kept me hooked till the end.

The levels are extremely well designed, dark & foreboding, telling in part their own story without words. They are short but varied, often introducing new elements keeping things fresh & always offered a challenge. Levels seamlessly merge together. Some parts left me scratching my head for quite some time, not only requiring some complex problem solving but in true platformer fashion, also precise timing. I found this difficult at times as the character jump has a bit of a delay & movement in general is relatively slow but I did adjust to it to a degree. The spider sections in particular freaked me out [i](yeah I don’t like spiders!)[/i], the animations were so lifelike with it always looming close by. Fantastically done!

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=720688868 
Everything in [b]Limbo’s[/b] design seems to click; there is simplicity in the mechanics, lean, ensuring only things that are needed are introduced. From the two button controller config [i](Jump & Activate)[/i] to only having items to interact with that have a purpose, to level designs that don’t have redundant sections. Even saving progress is streamlined, with frequent automatic save points that gave me zero frustration. You can also easily reload a section to replay or hunt for the numerous hidden Easter Eggs as well. All in all, there is nothing I can really fault. [b]Limbo[/b] is a thoroughly enjoyable, masterfully tailored ride!

[b]Limbo’s[/b] is on the shorter side. For me, it took around 5hrs on my first play, but it is possible to complete speed runs in around an hour if you know your way around so your mileage may vary. I personally found this to be a good length as it is a quality experience that doesn’t get stale or repetitive as you progress. That being said, I wouldn’t mind exploring a new dream in a [b]Limbo 2[/b] one day! :)


[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6857016/]If you enjoyed reading this review, please follow [u]True Blue Reviews[/u] for more recommendations![/url]
Good platform game. 

The gameplay is based on puzzles that are smart and sometimes challenging, and they do a competent use of physics. The game has a great gloomy look, summarizing his name, the artwork is well done as well as the sound effects. Overall the game is solid. The plot is not openly covered, is more a concept of a search for the understanding of what is happening. 

It's short and somewhat relaxing, good game to play in a calm day and without commitment. 

7.5/10
You are a boy searching for his missing sister. You wander through gloomy forests, explore forbidding caves and try to escape a industrial complex of whirring machines and smoke stacks – all painted in silhouette against the smoky greys of an old flickering film. It's amazing that such a simple approach can create such a nightmarish atmosphere.

'Simple' is an excellent word to sum up this indie platform game. From its monochrome presentation to its single sentence storyline, it creates a spare, deadly, lonely world, devoid of colour and distraction. You brave yawning landscapes with nothing but the rustling of your feet to keep you company. Large sections of the game are silent but for the occasional drip of water, or a cavernous echo, sometimes punctuated by fractured, urgent music, or footsteps racing into the distance. The only humans you come up against are hostile, chasing you away with spears and darts.

Everything in Limbo is out to harm you. From the moment the scenery come to life when that first giant spider-leg unfurls, a hundred times more menacing than it has any right to be, you're in world that doesn't want you there.

It's a meat grinder, coldly snapping beartraps around your fragile little frame, crumbling the boy into a pile of body parts. It stresses you into making mistakes: you know exactly what horrible thing is about to happen to your little ward when presented with a pressure plate and a crushing device.

Limbo's obstructions are grossly imaginative, requiring morbid solutions: one puzzle's resolution comes when you drag a corpse into a pool so you can use it as a bloated, floppy stepping stone to the other side. When not being chased by implacable spiders with a penchant for skewering bodies, you'll be feverishly searching for floating crates to ride as water rises above your ankles, or plucking the remaining leg off a maimed spider and rolling its body to block spikes and clamber to a ledge.

Limbo's initial morbid world of beartraps, corpses and ravenous arachnids eventually leads you into industrial levels, full of more conventional puzzles, such as gravity switches, elevators and even machinegun turrets. It's around this mark that the puzzles become far more frustrating, requiring precision timing to progress. You'll occasionally be reduced to a weeping mess of tears and tantrums, defeated by a straightforward but deadly puzzle that can only be overcome by getting everything just so.
I spent a lip-gnashing, keyboard smashing 20 minutes trying to run across a length of railway track before a descending minecart hit a switch to electrify the rails. Twenty damn minutes watching my boy judder as his tiny legs failed to make the last jump.

Your most horrific foes are the brain slugs, which drop from above and burrow into your skull. Once nestled in your cranium, they force you to stagger in one direction – normally straight into a pit of spikes.

Make no mistake: you're going to die. A lot. It's impossible to pass five minutes without succumbing to Limbo's sick snags. But finally realising the infuriatingly simple solutions and achieving that bloody jump will reward you with Portalsized feelings of smugness and relief.

It's a little disappointing to have waited a year for this game to get ported to PC only to find keyboard control is locked to the cursor keys, but in spite of that – and Limbo's short playtime (around three to five hours) – you simply cannot miss out on this darkly evocative experience. It has its frustrations, but it's a beautiful argument for games as art.

Limbo is a beautifully designed masterpiece of a platform game, that will chill, challenge and charm in equal measure. 8.5/10
Well it was challenging, i have to admit that i ran to youtube so i can pass some difficult parts.. Which made me to get more deep into it. It was short game, but it gave me the feeling of success and i want to see whats up next. It has no words, no text, no colours, but in the end it is a great and satisfying game. Yoy have to try it for sure
Limbo is probably one of the most atmospheric and beautiful little indie gems that came out before the whole indie hype started. It is the predecessor of dozens of platformers that tried to steal from its ideas and yet, until this day, it remains one of the best of them. Art design, sound and the platforming elements are just brilliantly connected to each other and while the game is completely in grey, it still is able to convey harsh graphic violence and a superbly disturbing feeling along the journey.

It's not too long, but it is worth every penny. One of the most beautiful platformers within the last couple of years.
Approximate amount of time to 100%: 6 hours
Estimated achievement difficulty: 6/10
Minimum number of playthroughs needed: 1+, for finish the game in one sitting with less than 5 deaths.

Multiplayer achievements: No
Missable achievements: Yes, multiple little white blobs to collect.
Grinding Achievements:No, 
DLC-Only achievements: No
Time-gated achievements: No
RNG-achievements: No,
Does difficulty affect achievements: Yes, Kinda' . for finish the game in one sitting with less than 5 deaths.
Unobtainable/glitched achievements: No

It's a really nice game, monochrome piece of art with nice game play some engaging puzzles and the capability to give you goosebumps. Try it :)
[b]My rating:[/b] 9/10
Based on: two full and multiple partial playthroughs
[url=steamcommunity.com/id/CamAddLess/recommended/]Check out my other reviews[/url]

[b]Pros:[/b]

(+) a purposely understated, open-ended story of a lone boy who wakes up in a dark forest, told without any dialogue through gameplay alone, with only a brief non-interactive sequences at the beginning and the end
(+) simple and clean, but creepy and nightmarish greyscale visuals coupled with film grain filter, high contrast, and a strategic use of focus and light sources let your imagination run wild every step of the way
(+) minimalist, often distorted ambient sounds with no music to break the eerie, haunting, almost palpable atmosphere of oppression and loneliness
(+) simple controls with a wide variety of clever environmental, mechanical and physics-based puzzles with hardly any repetition, each scenario presenting a different challenge or a twist on the tried and tested platforming mechanics
(+) frequent checkpoints and wickedly gruesome death animations make the constant trial-and-error less frustrating and gratifying in its own twisted way, each failure serving as a learning experience
(+) perfectly playable with just a keyboard, but even better with an analogue controller (it’s an Xbox 360 port after all)
(+) a very impressive little gem that takes less than 100 MB of space and doesn't require a high-end rig to run

[b]Cons[/b]:

(−) can be considered too short for the asking price
(−) the ending may be considered anti-climactic and leave some players unfulfilled
(−) gets almost too easy if you play it often or long enough… or just to get your money’s worth ;-)
===[ ❤ Audience: ]===
[] Kids
[x] Teens
[x] Adults
[x] Casual players
[x] Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===
[] Potato
[] Really bad
[] Bad
[] OK
[] Good 
[x] Beautiful 
[] Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]===
[x] Full price
[] Wait for sale
[] Average
[] Refund it if you can (for now because there are no servers)
[] Don't do it
[] It's Free!

===[ ☣ Requirements: ]===
[] 90' PC
[] Minimum
[x] Medium 
[] Fast
[] High end 
[] NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===
[] You just need 2 arms 
[] Ez
[] Significant brain usage
[x] Easy to learn / Hard to master 
[] Hard
[] Dark Souls

===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===
[x] Really short ( 0 - 8 hours)
[] Short ( 8 - 20 hours)
[] Few hours ( 20 - 50 hours)
[] Long ( 50+ hours)
[] Endless

---{Audio}---
[] Eargasm
[] Very good
[x] Good
[] Not too bad
[] Bad
[] Earrape

===[ ♬ Story] ===
[] It doesn't have
[] Still better than Twilight
[] Average
[x] Good
[] Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]===
[] Game itself is one big BUG
[] Bugs destroying the game
[] Lot of bugs
[] Few Bugs
[] You can use them for speed-run
[x] Nothing

---{Grind}---
[] Nothing to grind
[] Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
[x] Isn't necessary to progress
[] Average grind level (if you just want to play casually)
[] Too much grind
[] You‘ll need a second life for grinding

===[ ✦ Others: ]===
[] Multiplayer 
[x] Singleplayer
[h1][b][i][u]LIMBO  - 9/10[/u][/i][/b][/h1]

[h1][b][u]WARNING[/u][/b][/h1]
I don't recommend playing this game if you're [i]REALLY[/i] arachnophobic.

[u]Story[/u]
LIMBO is a 2D puzzle platformer game set in, as the title says, Limbo. You wake up there and go through it to find out your sister's fate. The puzzles require perfect timing more than anything else, which can be really frustrating at times. Then again, that's the whole point of a puzzle game. Witnessing the ending for the first time can be really confusing and unsatisfying, but, as you play along a bit more, you begin to raise questions and wonder about it. It then turns into a satisfying end. Overall, great story. Some would argue that this game doesn't even have a story, guess I just proved 'em wrong, eh?

[u]Storyline Length[/u]
This game isn't really too long. The puzzles are easy in two ways. One way is that they're easy to get through, but they're also really easy to mess up at. 'Easy but hard' if you get me. Anyway, whether you decide to take your time or rush through the game, it'll take you roughly an hour to beat it. It is possible to get all the achievements in one playthrough, but I wouldn't recommend doing so until you've beat it at least once.
[spoiler]Or do what I did and get all the eggs on the first playthrough, then do "No Point in Dying" on the second.[/spoiler]

[u]AI[/u]
The only AI in this game is either already dead or trying to kill you. That's all, really. There's not much else to be said.

[u]Experience[/u]
This game is really relaxing but also really stressful at the same time. While it has little to no distractions and can be a walk in the park, you have to keep stressing about your timing on jumps and button pressing. Even if you know damn well you've perfected all the puzzles and there is no possible way you can mess up, it's still stressful doing it. Especially when doing the "No Point in Dying" achievement. Every outcome of every puzzle gives you a breather. Overall, it's a great experience and I wish I could erase my memory of this game just so I could play it again for the first time.

[u]Graphics[/u]
The colours used in this game are greyscaled (black - white). It's odd though because this game [i]seems[/i] to have colour in it even though it doesn't. As I mentioned before, the game is in 2D. I love the little details such as the boy blinking or little strings or that tiny, tiny bit of blood when those slug things get attached to you. I'm genuinely amazed at how such a colourless game can have so much 'life' in it, in a way.

[u]Sound[/u]
There's no music which is good, in my opinion. Music added to this game would only serve as a distraction and prevent you from completing puzzles. The sound of footsteps or crates being dragged along the floor or rain is way better than a bit of music. Amazing.

[u]Overall[/u]
I would recommend this game to pretty much anyone except for those with arachnophobia. Trust me, you wouldn't get past the first ten minutes. If you've heard somewhere that this is a horror game, then you're mistaken. It's only coloured in greyscale and there are monsters that [b]can't[/b] harm you other than the spider (and the head slug thing if you're clumsy). In other words, your life is not complete unless you've finished this game.

[u]Specs[/u]
It's not a very huge game, so you don't really need a beast to run this. The only complaint I have (could be only my specs, could be for everyone, I don't know) is that when I died, my game was capped at 30FPS for a few minutes.

Intel Core i5-2500S @2.7Ghz
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti
8GB RAM
Windows 7 (64 bit) Ultimate N
Haunting and chilling to its core, Limbo is an experience that's hard to pull yourself out of and even more difficult to forget. Without an ounce of exposition, no more of a story than the simple premise of a boy in search of his sister, and a completely monochromatic art design, Limbo creates a twisted and disturbing world through its thick atmosphere and exceptional sound design, drawing you inward even as every fiber of your being compels you to leave. At the same time, it sacrifices gameplay in favor of linear, understandable progression that only asks as much of you as to ensure you feel wholly responsible for what befalls your character.

In this way Limbo is intentionally manipulative. Every shadow that crosses your path, every tree that seems to move when you aren't watching, and the pieces of the decrepit environment crumbling around you all serve to heighten your senses; to engross you in the experience and pull you deeper down the morbid rabbit hole, all the while keeping danger far enough out of your mind that you inevitably slip up. It's in these moments that Limbo is most effective, as it shocks you to attention as your character is decapitated, mutilated, drowned, and otherwise made to cease his existence, all the while never panning away from the horrors on screen. The brutality of these acts are sold home by how young your character is, his innocence seemingly being ripped out of him little by little as you continue to plunge into the madness that surrounds you, all in the hope you might one day find what you are looking for and see the light of day again.

Limbo's discrepancies then arise in the way it goes about achieving the feeling vulnerability as you venture into the unknown, relying almost entirely on trial and error in its puzzle designs, largely removing logic from the equation. It works in keeping a brisk pace and not letting the player be bogged down by mechanics, but it makes the portions where you are actually required to solve a basic puzzle seem out of place; juxtaposed in and placed like odd road blocks, never quite holding up the player but still feeling like they don't quite belong.

Though an imperfect experience, whatever qualms I had with Limbo were quickly swallowed up by its austere, macabre world that so deftly engulfed me with its incredible atmospheric design, leaving me chilled and in awe. Though Limbo itself might eventually fade from the limelight, its impact on indie development cannot go understated, forever having carved out its place in history at a time when a game such as it was all but destined to fail. I don't consider Limbo the masterpiece some do, but its a journey that I feel is all but a necessity to take; if not for the exceptionally imaginative experience itself, than for its significance in gaming as a whole.
One Stick and A B  
Black and White
No dialouges 
No cutscenes
Handful of NPCs
$2 when on sale

Just an 11 year old boy finding his sister. 

Still one of the best games ever made.

15/10 would die in creative ways again
"Oh what an amazing and cute game this is, the amount of detail in just a few greyscale co.. OMGWTFISTHAT?!"

*dies.. again..*

Like 2D platforms?
Like puzzles?
Like simple yet beautiful art?
Like dark & twisted humor?
Don't mind dying, a lot?
Don't mind spiders?

Play this game, it's awesome :)
I have hundreds of hours logged to mega studio titles - mostly games that I forget I have running in the background for days at a time, but still - and I wasted years of my gaming life considering only big budget productions. I still play them, of course, but after coming to realize the effort it takes to create even the simplest of games, I have tremeondous appreciation for anything created with as much effort and care as was LIMBO. The artwork is fantastic and it pulled me in at the very start... and engrossed in a dark and sort of creepy way that I found to be very satisfying. The mechanics were consistent and didn't hinder play, and nothing about the game felt incomplete. It was a really quick playthrough, maybe, but an enjoyable one for me. Getting to the end was a real disappointment; not because of the price:hours of entertainment ratio I tend to calculate, but simply because I liked it so much I wanted more. 

Unfortunately, LIMBO wasn't delivered by happy naked cherubim from the heavens, so that means human beings touched it. As a result, the puzzles were far too easy and a lot of the solutions seemed a bit repetitive to me. That's not my way of saying LIMBO was overrated... not by any means... and, in fact, I think everybody should play it. I think it's a great example of what a small (but apparently growing) studio can do.
A solid platformer.  If you're into creepy puzzle games, then this is definitely for you.  Level design is rather intelligent and the puzzles are difficult enough to be enjoyable, but not to the point of being impossible.  The only drawback is that the game is somewhat short.
Incredibly atmospheric game. In places it was reminded of Silent Hill - in the mood, tension and endless clanks of circulars. A coup of gravity - so this is, in general, the cosmos!

10 bothersome larvae of 10.
By now you've probably heard about the highly renowned platformer Limbo. The game has won a bucket full of awards since its release, and rightfully so. Artistically, it was one of the pioneers of the black and white, minimalistic silhouette design; it went on to inspire a plethora of copycats. Though often duplicated, the experience that comes from playing Limbo is one that's unique, and it could never be duplicated even if one tried hard. Originally launching in 2010 for most platforms, the title found its way on to steam in the middle of 2011. 

There's no real outward story to speak of, but rather a series of events that the developer, Playdead, have left gamers to interpret for themselves. A small boy wakes up in a new, unforgiving, and sometimes treacherous land, but it soon becomes apparent that he's chasing after someone. The landscape begins as a forest, laden in thick fog, but later turns into a crumbling city. You may think that at some point you'll come across even the tiniest spark of color, but alas all is gloom here. Be prepared to meet some characters that are like you, stuck in the void as they bombard you with obstacles, but most that you meet will be dead; ususally by apparent suicide.

The world of Limbo is filled with platforming puzzles and hazardous traps that will undoubtedly keep you on your toes. While taking in the haunting scenery, you may find yourself victim to stepping on a well hidden bear trap, or not quite making a precision jump that ends with you landing on a bed of spikes. Maybe you think you need to push a box further into the water, only to find out that you cannot swim, and subsequently you drown. Death will come many times over for you, though favorably the checkpoints in this sinister land are forgiving. Much like its aesthetic design, the controls are also simple; you can jump, walk, climb, and move some items.

Truly a haunting, gloomy, and at times depressive experience, Limbo is an amazing platformer. Even those like myself that may not be enthusiasts on the genre will find themselves enjoying this bleak adventure. There's no tutorial, given the simple design of the game. There's no text, the world and its events are left up to your perception and imagination. Despite the lack of narrated story, the game stands strong and immersive. It's one title that you won't forget for years to come. Highly recommended for platformer lovers, enjoyers of the bleak and depressive, and those seeking an unforgettable event.

[h1]Rating: [b]5.0/5.0[/b] - An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.[/h1]
The Horror Network [url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/28221963/]Curator[/url] | [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thehorrornetwork]Group[/url] Click for Gore

[h1]Related Reviews:[/h1]
[b]Review for Inside: [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/THNEmbalmer/recommended/304430/]Here[/url][/b]
Limbo is a platformer developed by Playdead and their first game, it released in 2010. I played it back when it released, but I decided to give it another chance due to the release of their new game Inside. You play as a young boy, who has gone quite literally through the depths of hell to find his sister. You do this through solving puzzles, killing a few insects, and having more guts than most grown men. Limbo is a spectacular game. The game is a very basic platformer, with only a jump, activate, and move button. The keyboard controls, like for most platformers, just don’t work well with the kind of movement you do in this game. So I would highly advise playing this game with a controller, unless you hate yourself. As far as enemies go, they are really few and far between. You will encounter a few insects that you later interact with in the game. And you will also see other kids that are malicious towards you. I really enjoy the gameplay for most of the time. Only issue I have with it is that some of the puzzles are a bit too complicated, and require you to backtrack and find objects. This may sound normal for a platformer of it’s type, but some of the parts are extremely spread out. I know it sounds nitpicky, and it really is. Throughout the game you are just looking for your sister, so there is not much of a story. But when you come across the many open and industrial places, you can definitely infer that something is seriously screwed up about Limbo. I would also say this game is easily one of the most depressing games I have ever played, nothing good ever happens to the boy. And as I stated earlier, he really does go through hell to accomplish his goal. But I can’t really go into further details about this game’s story without spoiling many of the game’s great moments. The game graphically, while very simple, is quite simply amazing. It has incredible shaders and so much dark but intriguing imagery. It really is one of the prettiest games from an aesthetic standpoint, even if a lot of it is just darkness. The sound in this game is also fantastic. From the ambient sounds in the open moments to the noisy bits in the factory. It really is all around solid stuff, and reminds me a bit of Aphex Twin’s early works. I tried hard to find stuff I had issues with in the game. But there was really so little wrong with the game, it’s a true work of art. I would definitely recommend this game.
Limbo is a dark, slightly twisted 2D side  scrolling puzzle game with stunning artwork, and a fantastic atmosphere. Despite being a relatively short game (if you know how to do all the puzzles), Limbo still provides a incredible dark and challenging experience as you move through the story trying not be squashed, stabbed or cut in half.

Pros:
+ Stunning black and white artwork
+ Refined, smooth and simple controls
+ Dark and interesting puzzles
+ Fantastic dark and eerie atmosphere
+ Hidden eggs to explore and find
+ Achievements
+ Full controller support, perfect for Big Picture Mode

Cons:
- A fairly short game
- Limited replayablility as you'll know how to complete the puzzles (will always be a good game to come back to though)

My Score: 9/10
I have had Limbo in my gaming library for the longest of times, and I have always looked for the right time to bring it out of the darkness and into the light and start playing it through (analogy intended ;) . 
However I also wanted to wait and play Limbo the way I think this type of game was meant to be played, and that is with a controller on a big TV screen.

I can't emphasise enough the importance of playing Limbo with a gaming controller. Now, not everyone has to agree with me on this, but if you are going to play this game, don't go at it on a "small" computer screen with a keyboard, its a little like playing FPS games with a ps/xbox controller, it just doesn't make the game proper justice. You have been warned.

With that said, lets get on with the game L-I-M-B-O. And what a game it is. So well designed and directed, I am absolutley speechless. Limbo is not quite a platformer, and it's not quite a puzzle game, I could make it easy for myself and say it is a mix of both genres but... I would like to describe Limbo more as an immersive feeling, the game touches you without even a word being uttered throughout the whole game. Limbo takes you to places of lonelyness and war, a desolate place with trees and animals in a forest, there are gruesome deaths, machines and children, without any context and meaning, yet it all makes sense somehow.

You, as a player, are totally commited to playing this through and through, and throughout the whole 4-5hours that I played, I never once got bored, only touched and amazed. 

The graphics and sounds mix seamleassly and completing one another in the most subtle ways and in what appears to be a minimalistic design, however such is not the case. Each section of the game has been carefully planned to the slightest detail, to mesh together seamlessly, hence the excellent minimalistic black and white design and the subtle sounds of the world of Limbo. 

Limbos art direction scales aways so much clutter and color and thus as a player your are solelyl left to focus only on the feeling- , exploring, and advancing the game.

At this point you are probably wondering what the h**l is the game about, if you haven't heard or read about Limbo, I strongly suggest you youtube it and find some gameplay. 

Simply put, the game is the modern trendsetter for the puzzle/platformer games/genre, where its not about being able to jump over enemies and getting extra lives ala Super Mario Bros, but solving situations with the help your characters abilities, which is your brain, because the character, the little boy, himself, does not posses any abilities actually, outside of jumping and grabbing ledges. 

There is only one way to solve each problem, which is fine, and only once or twice did I have to youtube the solution to a problem. 

And for this review I would like to take the time to highlight one thing that probably most gamers never take into consideration, the game tester of Limbo that have done a tremendous job. This game is totally successfull because of game testers feedback has been right on point. Since in no part of the game do you really get stuck with a puzzle for too long, and this is 99% doing of the actual game testers. The testers have to understand what challenges each player faces and put their "new player" glasses on everytime they play the game. Don't get me wrong, the planning and direction and all that is the doing of the team, but where many puzzle games go wrong, is that you are at times lost of what to do next and how to do it, especially in this genre of games, but in Limbo, 99% of the time you know what to do intuitively or at least have a clue of what you are supposed to do, and what you can do to achieve the solution.  

Final verdict: Get this game and start playing if you haven't dones so already, no questions asked, hands down (preferably on a controller ;) & Happy gaming!
[i]''Some of you may die, but that is a sacrifice I am willing to make".[/i] - Lord Farquaad (Shrek, 2001).

LIMBO is a platforming puzzle game at it's core, rewarding you for exploration but also punishing you for mistakes, not knowing the game mechanics or simply being new to the trap. Although this has been done many times before (Mario), LIMBO has a unique art style that easily sets it apart from other games of the genre. The noir aesthetic of the game is fresh and immersive, as the seemingly busy backgrounds of the game are calmly blended in, seamlessly changing monochrome locations and keeping the environment from becoming stale. The plot is ambiguous at best outside of a sole objective revealed later on into the game, which does mean the game may not motivate, but it was obviously done to reinforce the mystique that the aesthetic creates. It isn't a masterpiece like many quickly claimed it was, as it is simply too short and simplistic to warrant comparison to other classic games; LIMBO is however worth the play for the breath of fresh air it'll give the seemingly rare gamer that doesn't have the attention span of an 8 year old.

[u]You will die. A lot.[/u] But don't miss out on a unique and special experience that is still one of a kind 6 years later.
[i]Limbo[/i] was available for free from the Steam store in the summer of 2016, when developer Playdead's new game,  [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/304430/INSIDE/]INSIDE[/url] was released. I've never heard about it before, but the game proved me how a monochrome, seemingly minimalistic (its size is less than a 100 MB) game is capable of providing a few exciting hours, while it lasts. It should be noted that it's not for everyone though, but let's talk about that later.

According to the plot ("Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO...") we play as a little boy waking up in a dark forest. Soon we find out that this eerie environment is anything but friendly and (almost) all of its (mostly humanoid) inhabitants are desperate to take our life. Not only that, but we have to overcome deadly traps and puzzles in order to escape. Our journey takes us through the mentioned forest, an industrial and a suburban area, each darker and more depressing as we progress. Unfortunately while the game successfully manages to uphold the proper level of tension and logical puzzles, the ending falls short and doesn't live up to the standards of the game.

If I called the game a platformer, I'd be wrong, because instead of fast button mashing, we have to use our wits (of course that doesn't mean there wouldn't be fast paced platforming, especially towards the end), so the game could best be described as a puzzle-platformer. The numerous puzzles we'll encounter involve combinations of jumping, box-, cart-pushing, ladder/rope climbing, swinging, activating timed mechanisms and so on. The puzzles are generally easy and obvious, but towards the end they tend to become a bit confusing. Also, many of them are of the 'trial & error' type, which will lead to some cheap deaths. Thankfully the game's autosave system is fair and it'll only cause minor setbacks.
The environment itself is probably the most dangerous element in the game, we can die instantaneously from fall damage, moving objects, traps, electricity, moreover we can even drown.
The little guy we control is (naturally) unarmed, but we are going to have to kill many enemies using environmental objects, either by luring them into traps, by operating mechanisms, or sometimes we just simply have to run away from them.
There are secrets to be found in the form of eggs (!), that require some backtracking, but since they earn us nothing except for some achievements, they don't really add anything to the game.

The atmosphere is what probably makes [i]Limbo[/i] so unique: the whole game is depressing and dark (the only white colour present are the eyes of the boy), it's constantly raining, there's not a single line of dialogue to be had and no music (except for a rare few parts). While the sound effects may not be as striking as the visuals, they add very much to the game: the rustling of the forest, the chirping of the crickets the loud machinery in the indutrial area or the sharp sounds of someone's death or rather of the source that triggered it.
We'll also encounter several dead people along our way or witness their shocking demise, so it's definitely not for children (this is what I was referring to in the prologue).

Despite the monochrome graphics I wouldn't call it simple, I'd even go as far to call it nice. I was thinking about the reason what makes it easy on the eye and I think it's the contrast. The way the active, foreground elements mildly separate themselves from the multi-layered background is amazing and so is the blurry image of the surrounding vegetation in the front. The appearance and movement of the characters also feels and looks great, altough the way the boy climbs ladders and ropes using only his arms is awkward.

[i]Limbo[/i] is probably one of the first representative of the puzzle-platformer genre and as such it would be worth mentioning even if it wasn't so good. However it is good I was even able to forgive that it has basically no story, because the gameplay and atmosphere is so powerful. If you haven't played it until now, give it a chance and let this 4-5 hour long adventure charm you (just don't let it depress you).

PROS
+ exciting puzzles and mild platforming
+ dark, atmospheric environment
+ simplistic, but striking visuals
+ great ambient noises 

CONS
- lack of plot
- a few trial and error deaths

RATING
8/10
You'll have to learn the game mechanics ( You' learn those in the first chapters ).
You'll think the game is easy.
You'll see the game is not easy.
You'll die over and over and over and over again.
You'll have to try again.
You'll be frustrated.
You'll be disappointed
You'll be desperate.
You'll learn from your mistakes.
You'll be happy when you finished a chapter.
You'll get rewarded.
You'll have fun.

So as you hopefully can see this game is fun because you get rewarded for finishing a chapter in wich you died so damn often and tried over and over again and finnaly be happy.

Story:
There is no real story.

Graphics:
It's a 2D black-white game it doesn't need good graphics, it's all about the atmosphere.

Sound: 
The sound is very inportant in this game it's important for the atmosphere.

So overall I'd recommend this game as it's compelling and fascinating how easy it can be to make a great game without a story and good 3D graphics.

Like some people, I got this game when it was free for a day. I was just going to add it to my account, and maybe play it occasionally. I picked it up again recently, and it sucked me in. The art style, the puzzles, the enigmatic environment. The game is more than just a game; it is a work of art. The ending was mind-blowing, as well.

I would recommend this game to literally everyone I know. This game is incredible.
Limbo is a good little platformer, very dark, mostly good puzzles and an interesting story left to players interpretation. It is very well made and you can feel it trough the sound design and animation. One or two of the puzzles can be frustrating because they require a lot of trial and error until you time it perfectly. I don't mind platformers requiring perfect timing, but this game feels and plays like a puzzle game and not a platformer, and it's controls are too stiff for it to require a perfectly timed sequences at times. Other than that I can easily recommend playing this game, just it's style and the quality of it are worth it.
This is hands down the [b]best game[/b] released in 2010. Definitely [b]GOTY[/b]. In 2010 I played some very high profile, famous games and this is seemingly low effort, none colored, pretty boring to look at game. First of all don't judge it before trying it and secondly... this is a hidden gem and one of my favorite games of all time.
===========================
It doesn't matter that Fallout New Vegas took me 90 hours to complete (released in 2010), that I played Chicken Invaders 4 maybe 30 to 40 times (released in 2010). Limbo is only about 3 hours long (can be beaten in less than 1 hour), has very limited visuals and something you can start and finish in less than an afternoon.
==========================
You play as... somebody and you are in search of... something. Yeah that's it. Not much more I can tell you. There is no spoken dialogue and the only AI in the game is already dead or is trying to kill you. Why? We don't know, it's up to you to decide.
===========================
The game is relaxing at times, but very stressful at others. I personally have completed it at least 5 times, got all the achievements (one of which is to complete the whole game in one sitting without dying more than 5 times) and it still gives me the chills even though I know what would happen at any given moment.
===========================
You see giant spiders, ready to impale you if you get close, mysterious people who want your blood..... and lots and lots of puzzles. This is a puzzle game after all, some are difficult to figure out, others are a no brainer.
===========================
This game is a must play, if you have 3-4 hours to spare then give it a shot. You would experience something unique and would never figure out what exactly the point was. Limbo will forever remain as one of my favorite puzzle game, possibly even my favorite.
in my opinion Limbo is the proof that you don't really need words or fancy graphics to make an amazing puzzle-platform game ; but when it comes down to the story line ; here it's like a double edge sword ; you can interpret it ; or see other theories from other players it's up to you.
The simple black and white design gives to the game a nuance of creepy (that and the huge spider ; the few people that you meet in the game and they either try to kill you or run away from you and many more ) 
Overall i recommand this game -Gameplay 10/10 (easy character movement ; no bugs )
                                                    -Graphics  8/10 (despide of the modest look that the game might give you at first ; it's one of those games where you have to try it out for yourself to see so much detail in such few things ) 
                                                    -Characters 7/10 
                                                    -Storyline .... ummmm .... well it's a discussable subject ; as  i said it depeds how you interpret the hole thing ; for exaple it is said that Limbo is the world that make connection with human world and whatever is beyond death (like a shadow world which would make sense ); or limbo for the latin "limbus" - meaning edge ; so perhaps edge of death . (so it remains up to you to decide about the story line )
Review:
[h1]Limbo[/h1]

-Genre: Puzzle, Platformer.
-Game Style: (none).
-Theme: Fantasy, Dark.
-Mode of view: Sidescroller.
-Singleplayer: Yes.
-Local multiplayer: No.
-Online multiplayer: No.
-Sandbox: No.
-New Game Plus: No.
-Level Selection: Yes.
-Leaderboards: No.
-Aproximated total duration: 3 hours.
-Aproximated campaign duration: -
-Recommended age: +14.

Pros:
-Its dark black and white graphic style looks impressive.
-Has many levels, some require both timing and thinking.
-There are some secret collectables that add replay value.

Neutral:
-Most of the time, there is no background music.

Cons:
-Some parts are very hard and frustating.
-A extremely difficult achivement for collectors.

Mark: 8,00.
Notes: (none).
If a game could be called art, this would be one of the best examples. Going through a dark, unknown, threatening world (limbo), you are bound to die in order to learn from your mistakes and carry on. The game is as close to perfect as it can be. It's relatively short, engaging and beautiful. Every fragment of the game is different and introduces best puzzles I've ever seen in a platformer, involving nice physics environment and many, many traps which just yell to the player "don't get used to patterns you know from other video games, and also this one!". Procedural animations make controlling very smooth and pleasant, and the animations themselves disturbingly realistic. And after you beat the game, you still ask yourself questions. Is this Limbo? Who is the boy and why is he there? Why this? Why that? It's all up to your interpretation. Just go there and die... until you make it.
Limbo - also known as "50 shades of Death" - the game that gets you pissed off and gives you arachnophobia at the same time. 
10/10 for using the bodies of dead children in order to avoid a brutal and excruciating death.
This is one of my all-time favorite indie title; a very eerie experience in a cold and dark forest. You will feel lonely and depressed trying to traverse every inch and everything will try to kill you. LIMBO is one of the few games that really draws you in the first second, you are captivated deeply into a story that's not explained by words or text.

[b][✔][/b]
> unique puzzle design
> soundtrack fits very well the theme
> great immersion 
> simple yet dazzling visuals
> hidden story you need to figure out

[b][✘][/b]
> could have been a bit longer
One of the weirdest, but coolest games i've played :)  finished it 3 times and i think i died like 100 times in each try lol. I think there is an achievement you get if you wont die at all :) good luck with that ^^

Very good game.

Limbo is a well made atmospheric game. For being a indie game it sure is beautiful. I completed the game in one sitting, rougly 3 hours. If you like Platformer and Puzzle games, you should really play Limbo. It got great texture and a wonderful dark theme into it. Some puzzles are harder then the others, but I'd say the more you give it a try (for each death), the more you're going to complete each puzzle easier and you won't be needing a guide for it!
You should be aware it's really short for the price tag so that's why I recommend you to buy it when it's on sale.

This game is just fucking awesome. Have you ever taken a glorious dump that just felt smooth coming out and you didn't even have to wipe? That's how i'd describe this masterpiece.
it's great, really great....

pros:
+ stunning visuals
+ great atmosphere
+ challenging puzzles
+ simple but fun
+ actually has deep story

cons:
- short, but it depends how quick you solve the puzzles, but still i want more....
REVIEW #21
LIMBO
----------

LIMBO is a puzzle platformer that is just overflowing with style and atmosphere. The puzzles are really well designed, and the visuals and sound work really well together. Gamepad support is also implemented very well.

The only negatives that I can offer are that there is some violence involving children (including the main character) that may be disturbing to some players, and some of the puzzles may be slightly frustrating at times (although that might vary depending on a player's skill level.)

I personally feel that the positives far outweigh the negatives with LIMBOI and I find myself returning time and again to this well-produced game and the amazing (and dangerous) world held within.
Like playing a dark, atmospheric, side-scrolling game that is welcome to interpretation? Let me introduce, Limbo. I loved the puzzle aspect of this game. The physics were impressively realistic, and occasionally over the top, but very much good for a lot of laughs. This eerie game isn’t too long and potentially could be finished in a night or two.

Personally, I’m not sure I will put myself through the trial of trying to get “No Point in Dying” achievement. Perhaps sometime in the future I will attempt to complete the game with five deaths or less. It seems doable, but time consuming and threateningly rage-inducing.
 
The silhouette style art, and the ever-changing environment keeps the game fresh and fun. This is a great intro game to the near-horror style, having a slightly spooky atmospheric presence that permeates the gaming experience. Nightmares not included. [Probably.]

Current Achievement Standing: 92% [12/13]
Achievement Hunter’s Note: Decide on how dedicated you want to be toward the achievements. A guide may be necessary for “DING!” unless you don’t mind a lot of exploration. “No Point in Dying” may or may not be worth the frustration, player’s choice.

+ Nice Spooky Atmosphere
+ Fun Platforming and Puzzles
+ Good Progression
+ Good Checkpoints
+ Decent enough challenge while being casual

- Spooky Spiders
- Short Length (I didn't mind)
- Can be Frustrating
- If you're Bad like me, you'll cheat a lot using a Youtube Walkthrough
[table]
[tr]
	[td][b]Story[/b][/td]
	[td]🌟🌟🌟🌟 ✩ [/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][b]Graphics[/b]           

[/td]
	[td]🌟🌟🌟 ✩  ✩ [/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][b]Music/Audio[/b]           

[/td]
	[td]🌟🌟🌟 ✩ ✩[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][b]Gameplay[/b] [/td]
	[td]🌟🌟🌟🌟  ✩[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td][b]Price fairness[/b][/td]
	[td]🌟🌟 ✩  ✩  ✩[/td]
[/tr]
[/table]

Comment:        “[b]Perfect match for puzzle-solving type gamer. Puzzles were not too hard but fun.[/b]”
It is hard to state something like this when you're talking about one of the most famous indie game ever released, but here we go: I hate LIMBO. What I cannot really stand is its illogical way to present the puzzles, as to the player is rarely given the opportunity to recognize a danger and work out for a solution. The whole game is just a repetitive exercise of attempt->death->retry->death->solution found->new death. The death in LIMBO is not a punishment for the player's mistake, but the only possibility to find the solution to a puzzle. Frustration above satisfaction, you'll never solve a puzzle because you're good, but because you died enough to understand the only way to pass a section of the level. Praises go to the art style and to the atmosphere, and to the decision to have merciful checkpoints. Not enough for me.
I really wanted to like this because the art style and atmosphere are amazing. 

I see some issues that hold this game back from being great.   For one, the controls are just bad.  Using up for jump in a platformer is bad enough, but there are also puzzles that switch the gravity, which also changes which direction you use for jumping.  Is it really asking too much to add an alternate control scheme that includes a jump button?  The game suffers so much from this simple and pointless issue.

The games start off great.  You're trying to survive against spiders and people who want to kill you.  Then it becomes nothing but platforming challenges, many with annoying gravity mechanics.  And there are a number of puzzles where you will have to die to understand how to solve it.  Like the first time they introduce gravity switching signs is while you're sliding down a roof towards a pit.  I just thought it was a regular sign, but apparently it switches the gravity when you activate it.  There are lots of other instances I could list where you must die to understand some new mechanic.  The checkpoints are frequent so it's not terrible, but it's still irritating.

And the game ends too soon.  It's not a very intense experience and is only 3 hours long.  I really couldn't believe when it ended abruptly.  I felt like I should be at the half way point.  I don't have any problems with a short game as long as the experience justifies the length.  I just played Pony Island, which is only 2 hours long, and I am very satisfied with the length of that game.  It felt like a full game.  Limbo feels like half of a game.

I honestly don't understand how this game has such great reviews.   The atmosphere is no doubt amazing, but that's about all the game has going for it.
Physics-based puzzle platformer where you trial-and-error your way through traps and braindead puzzles. The Dark, Opressive Atmosphere is welcome. The gameplay here is not.
As much as I enjoyed the game's aesthetic, the atmosphere, and the "story" - I unfortunately can't ignore some very annoying puzzles that greatly took away from my overall enjoyment.

"Precisely time the button press or repeat dozens of times" happened too often.
Terrible game.
Too short hence not worth the price
Clunky movement and unintuitive jumps
No story whatsoever
The music sucks: there is no music
Puzzles are boring unlike Portal or Little Nightmares
Not rewarding at all
ONLY PLAY IT: if you got it for free or heavy discounted. can't recommend buying it
