Game was and still is so cool, but what's more remarkable to me is how easy is to look for/install/use the mods this time.
I usually play the standard mode, sometimes due to my laziness, but this game has quite a few excellent mods, especially if you are looking for a nice immersion and realism, a couple of things that you couldn't find at the original skyrim. This mixed with the new graphics from the special edition makes it SO enjoyable, even when you role-play warming up for 5 minutes next to a fire pit.
Mods i use:
- Unofficial Skyrim Special Edition: this fixes most of the bugs of the game
- Campfire: Lets you build a campfire and different sorts of tents
- Vivid weathers: Over 500+ Weathers with different sounds and adjustable brightness, shadows, etc.
- Frostfall: Depending on how difficult you want it, you can even freeze to death and rain makes you be wet and get colder faster
-  Wet and Cold: Same thing but mostly for NPCs. Also includes some other features like blurry screen when you look up while it's rainning or snowing.
-  Point the way: Since i'm looking for some realism i avoid fast travelling, this is why i got this mod, which shows me the way to every city at every crossroad.
- Lampposts of Skrim: Lamp posts on the main roads, but just what is necessary, not plenty of them.
- Waves: Now beaches with waves :D
- Better horses: Now horses go faster than you by foot, something that makes kind of sense.
- Less agressive animals: Just makes less agressive small animals like rats or crabs. Was kind of ridiculous to see a crab trying to fight imperial soldiers.
- Hunter's Reward - Better prices: Able to skin and sell pelts for a reasonable price in case you wanna play as a hunter.
- iNeed: To eat, to drink and to Sleep is now necessary and rewardable.
- Holidays: Skyrim has special days like our christmas and all that stuff
- Expanded Carriage Service: Carriage service in places where you couldn't find them before, like Morthal or Dawnstar.
- Rich merchants of Skyrim: Merchants have more money to buy, meaning that you don't need to walk around all skyrim to sell the stuff. (1000 septims was humiliating for a merchant TBH)
- Run for your lives: When a dragon attacks people run off instead of trying to smack the dragon.
- When vampires attack: Same with vampires
- The Paarthurnax Dilemma: Lets you spare his life. 
- Hold border banners: Banners from different holds are placed on their borders, pretty simple but cool enough for me.
- Immersive patrols SE: Since there's a civil war going on, it's weird not to see any battle along the way until you join one of the sides of the war. With this mod you can find these fights while you walk around. Make other kind of patrols available, like the dawnguard.
- Practice Dummies: You can use them to improve your skill till level 30 out of 100. That means that you don't need to deal with badass foes with the skill "i barely know how to hold the sword".
- Mammoth Pelts: You can skin mammoths, something that i still don't get why it wasn't allowed in the original game.
- Dog followers are Huskies: Makes it cooler and makes sense too since Skyrim is the north.
- Whistle: Lets you whistle to the horse to make him come over, avoiding to search for the damn horse every time he flees from a battle.
- NPC's Run and Walk at your pace:  exactly what the mod says.
- Animal poverty: Animals don't drop gold. Like they have a bank account or something...
- Immersive armors: adds different kind of armors and shields. The more smithing perks you got the more armors will show up. (Showed in auxiliary armors)
- MamTuskPowderGrind: You can grind  mammoth tusk to make its powder, an ingredient that was so hard to find and wasn't allowed (don't know why) to make it out from the normal tusks.
- Fantasy Soundtrack Project: Replaces the original music OR adds its songs to the original music. Just necessary if after all these hundreds of hours you got tired of the original one.
- Enhaced blood textures: MORE BLOOD!
- Skyland: Landscape texture overhaul
- Static Mesh Improvement Mod: Better textures for interiors.
- Skyrim better roads: More and better textures for main roads.
- Verdant: Better textures for grass.
- Blacksmith forge water fix se: Makes the water from the blacksmith look real. Yeah... once you realize you need it.
- Realistic water two: Improves A LOT water textures and effects.
- Open cities Skyrim: No loading screen when you get into a city (this needs a patch to work with Ineed mod)
- Immersive Citizens: their behaviour and dialogues are more real. (needs a patch to work with Open cities)
BTW, i got them in this order and all of them work properly

Some of the mods are only available on nexusmods, which leads me to my final advise: Download the mod "noble skyrim". Improves SO MUCH the city textures and buildings. There's just one problem, it has been ported to special edition but still remains on original skyrim from nexus: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/45807/? 
There are two options, wait till it's completely ported to SSE or download it manually from original skyrim and install it manually from Nexus Mod Manager as well. It won't show up on the list, but it will be there, so don't worry. There's a patch as well to work properly with SMIM mod (Static Meshes).

EDIT: I strongly recommend another mod that i just found out! it's called: Amazing Follower Tweaks SSE, and i found it on nexusmods. Short description: you can have more than 1 follower (which is nice since Campfire mod adds tents up to 4 people) and it's possible to tweak each follower as you wish, like creating different sets of outfits depending on if they are outside or inside a city, setting primary spells, weapons, THEY CAN EVEN RIDE HORSES NOW!! and some other stuff. Check it out here: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/4340/?
(I got it placed after "the paarthumax dilemma")
Back when the original Skyrim released, I was a console pleb, due to not having a good enough PC or money to afford parts or just a PC in general. I put probably 1000+ hours into it, even without all the DLC's. Many different characters, roles, etc. I loved everything this game offered. Fast foward to now, Great PC, so I bought this. Basically non-stop playing with a few breaks here and there, plus sleep. Still the best RPG I've played to this date. 

Seriously, if you haven't played Skyrim at all, in all these years... do yourself a favor - play it. 

You won't regret it.
I am a grandmother who loves the Elder Schrolls games. I got started with Morrowind on my teenage Son's XBox over 16 years ago. So he bought me an XBox and game of my own. LOL When he moved over to PC for games, so did I. I played Oblivion also. Loved it.  Then when Skyrim came out on Steam he was sweet enough to purchase that for me too.  The game is awesome in my opinion and I love the way the Special Edition looks. The graphics I believe. Looking forward to the next edition of Elder Scrolls.
[h1] NOTE: I am aware this review needs an edit. I will do it ASAP [/h1]

There are so many reviews of Skyrim, so you probably know what it's about.

The real question is: Should you buy this or the original Skyrim?
Here are some key points to consider:

-It is much cheaper than Skyrim with DLC's

-It comes bundled with ALL the DLC's from the original Skyrim

-Comes with a built-in mod manager intended to be used by mods from Bethesda.net

-Saves are reworked - you get seperate save files for each character you create, and there are seperate saves for modded characters, so it is easy to revert back to a time when you didn't break skyrim with mods!

-It is (as of writing this review) LESS modable than the original Skyrim. SKSE has not yet been updated for a 64-bit version and is a dependancy for a lot of the more complex mods.

-The old 3.3GB ram restricion has been removed causing fewer crashes due to running out of memory and boosting the FPS in large battles.

-Stable Alt+Tab! It no longer puts your mouse pointer on-screen after an Alt-Tab (like in the original Skyrim), resulting in fewer restarts and less annoyance.

-Updated to 64bit, much more stable in general and a boon to mods in the long run.

-Rain and snow now don't pass through rocks and other scenery, increasing a bit of immersion and making the terrain feel more "real".

-Added God Rays, forrests look much prettier now.

-Depth of field, can be a little annoying in open areas, but makes conversations with NPC's a look lot nicer.

-Sleek black new launcher, removed the 'Data Files' option and moved it to the main menu.

-Slightly better looking bethesda logo on startup.

-The poor sound quality was fixed in a patch, the music sounds the same as the original Skyrim (which is in this case, a good thing).


So, do I recommend it? 

If you have never played/owned a version of skyrim before, there is no reason not to buy it. It's cheaper ($5 for all the DLC's) and is more stable.

If you own Skyrim and all the DLC's, there is not much reason to buy this for full price - wait for a sale if you want it (unless money isn't a big deal to you, in that case, buy away!).

If you own the original Skyrim but with no DLC's, then I reccomend it because it is cheaper than buying all the DLC's for it.

Thank you for reading my review! I'm new to this kind of thing, suggest some things I can do better in the comments!
If you already played 900h of the original game, there is no point for you to buy this.

However, if you're like me and never finished the original Skyrim, or you live under a rock, never heard of this and looking for something to invest your precious time into while your wife and kids are gone, this is most likely more morally acceptable than anything else you think of doing right now.
I got this for free since I already had Skyrim + all expansions.

I'd say this is worth buying if:

1. You've never played Skyrim before and you don't know what you're doing.
2. You'd like to play a prettier version of Skyrim without mods.

I personally have spent quite a lot of time on this game already but always fell back to spending more time modding it than actually playing the game. Mods are lots of fun and fix so many issues this game have, there are tons I love and would recommended... But if you're like me and you would like [i]actually finishing[/i] your games, it might be a better idea to play the game vanilla to avoid going insane.

This edition is great for that. You have all those little graphical enhancements built-in and (mostly) glitch free, don't expect anything new content-wise though.

If you already own the base version and didn't get this for free, don't buy it. You can get more or less the same result with mods, spending an extra $50+ on a small visual rework is not worth it.

As for the actual game, I'm sure most people know of Skyrim by now so I'll try to avoid the more obvious things:

Skyrim is very popular for a reason, it's a great RPG. It's a great game and the amount of content is insane, definitely a game  a lot of people can sink a lot of hours into. Great as it is however, it's also full of flaws. Filled. A foundation of mistakes. Oblivion and Skyrim (I haven't played Morrowind very much so I can't really comment on it) are what I've considered my favorite video games for a long time and as much as I would like to say they are perfect, there are so many things about them that frustrate me and make the game not as enjoyable as it could have been.

The main issue with Skyrim is that it fails to innovate. It wasn't as much of an issue in 2011 but seeing the game getting re-re-re-re-released and seeing what Fallout 4 ended up being makes me extremely worried for the future of the series. I think the biggest problem is that the game is founded on old mentalities, old video game design. It's as if most of the game is the way it is because "that's how video games are" than because it makes sense.

There are countless mechanics that are tracked but cannot be seen, the interface and stats are extremely lackluster. I can understand the argument for "Immersion" but in a game that boasts an incredible amount of content, not being able to track my progress drives me nuts. Most of the interface doesn't work well with KBM and was clearly designed with consoles in mind. Not being able to sort through your inventory, through storage etc. There is so much about this game that almost forces you to be disorganised and inneficient.

Engine-wise, while there is a significant leap in visuals, the Special Edition JUST now fixed the dreaded and ancient alt-tab issue. The game doesn't run particurlarly well, never properly supported borderless windowed, never supported refresh rates above 60 FPS without messing up physics. Every interior is instanced. Even if they're fast you constantly have loading screens.

Your first couple of hours will be filled with wonder and a thirst for exploration you can never quench. You will however realize that there isn't much more to discover than in a randomly generated game after that, unless you are very dense. Most of the loot is randomly generated, enemies respawn, so many locations re-use the same asset to the point where they look nearly identical (when they kept boasting about the fact that each dungeon had been hand-crafted... they just failed to mention that hand-crafted means a couple rooms manually paired together in different orders). Unique assets are so rare that you feel like you've discovered something amazing when you see one, even if it's insignificant.

Back on efficiency; This game wants you to be inneficient so bad. You can pick up everything. Most people that never played a game like this will [i]want[/i] to pick up a bunch of stuff because they assume it come in handy, to resell it or whatever. The truth is, there is no point. Most of the stuff in this game is useless. In fact, even the things that [i]should[/i] be useful is useless. I've only made one character on Skyrim SE and it was my sixth in total. It's the first character I've decided to play efficiently and complete everything with.

There is a very important concept where items will have more or less value depending on their weight. It's very simple but most people won't think about it. All you have to do is divide the value in gold by the weight to get the septims:weight ratio and you'll soon realize that a 30 weight mace that's worth 300 gold is actually garbage compared to something that's 1 weight and over 10 gold. Because of that, gems and potions are always worth picking up and will have insane ratios whereas most equipment is useless. I know it's stupid but the moment you start planing what you pick up with that in mind, you can basically just run through everything and ignore most of the loot yet become rich.

Some quests are fun and interesting. The rest you wonder why they're there at all. Why would you spend so much time completing a tedious quest that hardly has more to it than something out of an MMO when the reward is the amount of gold you would get selling some random trinket you'll find just about anywhere. Dialogues are neither interesting or engaging, they'll often drag on for too long and your "choices" are only really there to give you a voice because they usually change very little to how things unfold. This honestly ruins so many of the actually interesting, fun or original quests in the game. There is so much content that could have been cut without affecting the quality. The guild questlines and daedric quests are some of the only memorable ones.

Speaking of which, the game suffers so much from letting you do whatever you want and go wherever you please. For two reasons:

1. Most of the game has to scale in difficulty based on your progression in the game, which results in weird things like overpowered wolves (not as much of an issue in Skyrim than it was in Oblivion).
2. You are constantly being sent all around the world without ever feeling like you're "done" with anything.

Freedom is something a lot of people like in a game. However, I believe that if you need to rely on scaling difficulty, you haven't designed the game well. I wish some areas were more dangerous than others. I wish I couldn't go places because the enemies are too tough. I wish I'd face an enemy that makes me go "WHAT THE FUCK" and only come back once I feel I've become strong enough. Those take away from the experience so much for me. Being allowed to do whatever you want is one thing, being [i]able[/i] to is another.

One last thing: The combat is not interesting, no matter how you see it. That's what you spend the most time doing and it's just not fun. You end up cheesing it all the time because the tools you're giving just don't really work that well. Progression sounds exciting but in practice it's boring (spells are a good example). By the time you're that strong, the game won't be challenging anyway and if it is, it won't feel like a challenge, it'll feel like a chore.

One game that fixes nearly all these issues for me is The Witcher 3. I found it better in nearly every aspects and it makes me sad because I love the elder scrolls. Seeing Fallout 4 shows me that Bethesda is not willing to re-think how they make games and what makes them fun. I expect TES VI to be the same I've seen with their games since 2006. I still expect loading when I go inside houses. I still expect face close ups when I talk to people. I still expect a clunky first-person combat system.

Nevertheless and surprisingly enough, I still recommend this game. Play it! It's fun for the most part.
Basically the same as the original Skyrim. The only major differences are:

+ 64 bit engine rework. This largely means that it can use more RAM, and not run into memory issues quite so often as the original Skyrim did. This is, in theory, good for modders, as they can add significantly more content into the worldspace without running into the 3.3GB limit. 

+ Runs a little more smoothly and stably. I haven't noticed any crashes yet. Framerate is significantly more stable on lower end hardware than original Skyrim.

+ Due to engine overhauls and increased memory, larger scale battles are possible. Of course, these aren't implemented; but in original Skyrim, if you spawn significant numbers of NPCs that are in combat you may notice some simply don't fight back. In Skyrim Special Edition, these extra NPCs can fight properly.

+ Graphics are slightly improved, and a few bugs are fixed. Textures are somewhat higher resolution - don't know just how much, and i believe meshes are slightly improved in detail as well? Z-Fighting, a long standing engine issue where two textures overlapped (especially noticeable with distance mountains) and the renderer couldn't decide which one to show on top, resulting in rapid flicker between the two textures.

+ It's Skyrim. It's incredibly fun, and will drain all your free time. It's made even better by modding, but this leads on to the next point.

- There are very few mods available for it. Much of the original Skyrim's modding community relied on a script extender called SKSE, by the wonderful folks over at Silverlock, known for their script extender plugins for various Gamebryo/Creation engine games by Bethesda. As a result, while big name unscripted mods (ie. texture replacements, mesh replacements, and certain mods that modify existing data without relying on scripting) have been ported, there is a significant gap in user-friendliness as a result. 

- The user interface has not been overhauled one bit. It is still the clunky, designed-for-console, made by crab people for crab people mess that it always was, with cascading menus. For original Skyrim, there was an incredible mod called SkyUI, which used SKSE to entirely overhaul the menu systems to a more mouse-and-keyboard friendly setup. SkyUI also created a "mod configuration menu", which allowed users with mods to, well, modify various parameters in the mods without having to use a scripted item that gets added to the player's inventory, like in the days of Oblivion. Skyrim Special Edition entirely lacks SkyUI, as SKSE64 is still in development, and SkyUI is unlikely to be ported as it is a finished project.

- There is no new content. The three DLC packs, Hearthfire, Dragonborn and Dawnguard all come bundled with SSE, but there is no added content by bethesda. Well, that's a lie, some items are available when they were not previously, like the nigh-useless Torturer's Hood. But there are no new quests, nothing.

- Graphically speaking, SSE looks like the original version of Skyrim with a couple of basic graphical improvement mods added, stuff like Purity, SMIM (static mesh improvement mod) and similar. It is starting to look somewhat dated, as the game itself is six years old now (I know!)

In short:

Buy this if you want slightly improved graphics and stability, with a smaller modding community that is still struggling to get off the ground. It's still selling for $39USD last I checked, where original Skyrim is $34USD for the base game and $55USD for the game plus DLC. 

So yeah, it's cheaper than original Skyrim, but it is also hampered by the main thing that makes Bethesda games long lasting; its moddability.

Honestly, I'd say it's worth paying more for the original game for its extensive library of mods, but if you aren't a person into modding or one who hasn't played Skyrim before (those exist?), get this.
After investing 250+ hours in this game & getting 100% achievements, I believe that I am worthy enough to write this review.

Before going forward, I'd like to tell that:

1. I never played any Elder Scroll's game before
2. I took 250+ hours for a single Nord level 81 Male character.
3. I played Skyrim vanilla i.e. (without any mods). I was under the impression that mods will disable achievements & I wanted to complete it fully. I'd love to play it again with mods as well as with a different race now. Unfortunately I have a job & badly wanted to start Witcher 3 so I'll give this a miss. Maybe after my retirement, I'll come back to it. 
4. I've never killed a chicken in Riverwood.

Coming back to the game, It has some issues and bugs but it is one of the best RPG game ever. It looks georgeous even as unmodded & I've seen some fabulous artwork with mods. Gameplay is fantastic.
I believe that the magic portion of this game is a little underwhelming. Almost everyone beomes a Jack of all trades sneaky archer in the end which is bad. I've been guilty of doing that too.
The main storyline is a bit OK-ish but there are various different factions & tonnes of side quests which will engage you for atleast a year.
I've completed every side-quest in this game including the DLCs, collected almost every valuable item and now my quest log is almost empty barring a few radiant quests.
Coming back to the DLCs, Solestime & Dawnguard are fantastic add-ons to the already  exceptional game. Although I believe the third DLC was a bit boring except being able to adopt a child which was good.
I can't believe Steam has not included crafting Badges for this game keeping in mind that OldRim has that feature. Come-on Steam :(
I believe this was one of the best game ever created keeping in mind that It came way back in 2011.

In short, It was the best single player Time-waster game ever !
Special Edition may not [i]seem[/i] like a huge improvement to those who have not spent too much time in Skyrim. The graphics, after all, look only marginally better than vanilla Skyrim, and actually appear worse than Legendary Edition with an ENB. 
Below the surface, though, there are tons of improvements.
[list]
[*]Skyrim Special Edition no longer has screen-tearing. No matter how quickly up and down you move your head, there are no screen tears [i]at all[/i], and I'm still amazed at how much it increases the immersion.
[*]There are no more flickering mountains. Gone are the days when distant mountains would be white one moment, black the next.
[*]The snow is beautiful. As the snow falls, some of the flakes on the ground capture light and appear to sparkle. While Skyrim was already a magnificent world, this effect makes it even more so. 
[*]The colors are deeper. Vanilla Skyrim is bleak and Legendary modded Skyrim is often too bright and over-saturated. Special Edition, however, seeks to find the balance between the two and does succeed tremendously.
[*]LOD improvement. Legendary Skyrim saw buildings pop up in the distance as you came towards them, but Special Edition has made an effort to render practically everything in the entire world to increase immersion. Fortresses, cities, and even tall trees can be seen quite far away.
[*]Towns have bright windows during the night. The windows in buildings such as Dragonsreach are lit during the night, and the lights can be seen from miles away. This gives screenshots taken during the night something to focus on. 
[*]Water improvements. Water interacts with stones and banks in its way, slapping against them or changing direction.
[*]Better waterfall and windmall LOD. You can see the blades of windmills turning and waterfalls churning from very far away.
[*]Skyrim Special Edition's sky looks utterly fantastic. Whether the stars or the Northern Lights dominate the night, you can count on having a lot to appreciate.
[*]No more stuttering when traveling between Skyrim's different areas. 
[*]64-bit physiology means that Skyrim is [i]extremely[/i] stable. The only times Special Edition has crashed were when I attempted to transfer my heavily-modded Legendary save over to Special Edition.

Weaknesses include:
[*]Hair still looks pitiful, especially for the Nords and Bretons.
[*]Not all textures have been improved.
[*]There were issues concerning sound quality in Special Edition's infancy.  
[/list]

I'm quite happy with this remaster. Of course, modders were able to transform Legendary Edition into a graphical masterpiece that surpasses Special Edition in its current state, but I'm sure that we will be getting plenty of texture mods and ENBs for Special Edition in the coming months and years. For although it may not seem like it at first, Special Edition is vastly superior to Legendary in many ways and beckons as the new, superior foundation upon which modders can build. No mod can make Legendary 64-bit. No mod can truly get rid of Legendary's flickering mountains and screen-tearing. 
I'm proud of what Bethesda has done. They've made their best Elder Scrolls game even better, giving us a taste of the quality and technology that we will be seeing in their next game many years from now. If you received Special Edition for free, I invite you to try it; you'll be receiving much more than you ever anticipated.
[h1]HOW TO LOAD ORIGINAL SKYRIM SAVES[/h1]
-Copy your skyrim "Saves" folder (documents/my games/skyrim)
-Locate (documents/my games/skyrim special edition) 
-Paste entire folder in there
-Overwrite and paste

Enjoy my fellow Imperials!
I'm a  50 yr old female who is not a big gamer. I had this game yrs ago and liked it ok when played on my low end computer system back then.  I recently bought the special edition version and installed it on my new high end gaming computer and what a difference the new computer has made. The game plays smooth and fast. I have consistant 60 fps and in riften and whiterun I only drop to 50's fps.  I have several mods installed and no lagging, no stuttering... just fast running smooth game play.  Glad to have bought the game and started playing again. I love skyrim so much because I can mod the original vanilla game to add things I wish the game had, change how it looks and buy as many cool player houses as I want. I also like skyrim because of the ability to explore the open world to my hearts content.
Leave the game alone Bethesda... Modders have fixed it long ago... Otherwise great game :D.


UPDATE 

A stupid update just broke SKSE so you might want to downgrade to 1.5.53, and here is how you do that (thanks u/Dovakhin_Unchained):


1. Press win+R, and paste: steam://nav/console into it

2. In the steam console paste: download_depot 489830 489833 4140371450004190946

3. Steam will download SkyrimSE.exe in ~\steamapps\content\app_489830\depot_489833

4. Paste this SkyrimSE.exe into your skyrim se folder, replacing the updated one.

5. Et voilà!
[h1]It's Skyrim, but better in every single way[/h1]
Hello, if you're one of the many people who's unsure as to buy the old version of skyrim, or special edition instead, then this review is for you!

[h1]Benefits over Oldrim[/h1]
- Cheaper! Skyrim Legendary Edition costs 50% more than Special Edition, yet Special Edition has the same content and runs better?!
- 64 bit! This makes the game much more stable, and the crashes are very few and far between
- Not limited to 2GB of ram. This adds lots of stability, and crashes such as "Out of memory!" are completely non-existant
- HD Textures w/o mods/DLC ( This speaks for itself )
- Looks good without an ENB, something Oldrim doesn't do. ENBs are however still an option, and make the game even sexier
- Extreme Stability. Skyrim Special Edition has in my experience, only crashed once. I run 214 mods ( Over 46GB! ), a photorealistic ENB, 4K Textures, and SKSE and my game has crashed one time only, and it was due to an extreme amount of NPCs I spawned in.

[h1] About the "disadvantages" people talk about [/h1]
- Creation Club is absolute shit, and if you buy from it, fuck you. Other than that, there's nothing Oldrim does better.
- SKSE, many people complain about SE lacking in this. This is however, not true. As of December, SKSE64 works perfectly for SE and is completely up to date.
- Less mods. This is true, however, all good mods have been ported, and there's many mods that are extremely amazing that are SE only. And seriously, if you want a mod on SE so badly, but it's not on SE, you can port it over yourself. It's a quick process, and I'm willing to teach anyone who doesn't know how.
Everyone's missing the point.
This game is NOT a remake, this game is a PORT.

TL;DR
-If you've already played Skyrim and aren't into modding there's nothing for you in the SE version. If you are a modder or would like to be then Skyrim SE is a must have.

-Graphics is NOT the reason to play Skyrim SE because they didn't redo the graphics (details below).
-I understand WHY the gaming community is so jaded about this release. Given how AAA games are sold these days combined with the poor decision to focus marketing on "upgraded graphics" it's predictable there will be many negative reviews.
-Cash grab? These are COMPANIES. No income = no company. Simple. Yet consider the release: Free for previous owners. Mod access for consoles. No microtransactions. No pre-paid DLC... No underhanded practices to indicate this is a "cash grab" in any way. Beth.net has been around since FO4. Why complain now? It's irrelevant. PC gamers can mod without it.
-New graphics? The API was upgraded to DX11, texture compression was updated to a newer format and the water was redone. Period.
-Again this is a PORT not a remake; Skyrim SE comes with ALL the glorious bugs of the original, which ironically was part of what made the original release quirky and fun.

So why bother with Skyrim SE?
Answer: MODDING THE 64-BIT ENGINE

-This version of Skyrim is a MASSIVE improvement over the 32-bit version and honestly was created for modders. The old 32-bit Skyrim can't handle complex mods very well. Many would break your saves. Crashes were common. Stability is the modders enemy so to speak.
-64-bit stability is rock solid. Potential for modding is exponential compared to the original.

Skyrim is my all time favorite game with over 1,000 hours logged using +250 mods but I'm realistic. I won't be playing the SE version anytime soon. We're waiting on the SKSE team and the release of the CK as mods are ported over.
I'm extremely excited about the future of this game and if you've been following the modding community you should be too.
Please stop with the updates unless it is an actual important update...... Of all the players, How many actually care about Creation club? How many still use the skyrim launcher to play? I think most likely use the skse launcher to play. Which means that every time you update we cannot play for a couple days while we have to wait for skse to update now. So thanks...
1,760 hours into Skyrim LE.
*game crashes for the 6,000,000th time*
"This is starting to get boring." - Me 2019
Sees Skyrim SE in my game library.
Remembers that it's 64 bit, which means more capacity for mods.
I already broke Oldrim with 200+ mods
Time to break SE with even more.
Currently 50 mods in and the game HAS NOT CRASHED ONCE!
A quick pros and cons list for S:SE or Skyrim in general.

•Pros
-Limitless amount of fun to be had.
-64 Bit (A lot less crashing and errors, compared to Oldrim).
-An incredibly massive modding community.
-Graphics got a nice boost, along with performance for that matter. 
-Large world to explore.
-Soundtrack is lovely.
-Combat feels nice and can be challenging. 
-Lore is incredibly interesting and nice to read about.
-DLC comes with S:KE and all three offer a real nice amount of content.
-Large amounts of quests to complete so you'll always have something to do when you finish the main quest.
-Console commands are beautiful.

•Neutral
-Creation Club (full opinion regarding this is at the bottom).
-AI can be stupid.
-Beautiful Bethesda bugs.
-Some quests may become tedious - although I found this to be incredibly uncommon.
-Voice acting in some parts of Skyrim can be... underwhelming to say the least.

•Cons
-S:SE's price (Oldrim owners got it for free. In this case, I recieved this game for free).
-Bethesa's support and decision making in general is questionable.

Regarding the creation club, I do not like it one bit. But the reason why it's on the neutral section is because Bethesda doesn't shove it in your face. There's no pop ups, no reminders of it's existence. It's just there. As much as I don't like it, it doesn't get in the way of Skyrim as a whole, I have no issue with it. I am not a modder myself, by the way. I'm just a random consumer that just happens to love this series.
Imagine free reign, what do you imagine in a fantasy RPG? Skyrim has Dragons, Dungeons, Exploration, Ruins, Catacombs, and a massive feeling landscaped map that is a live representation of what's going on in the ever expansive World of Skyrim in the games real time. One of The most relative classics to date. I love the freedom of modding it to my artistic perspective and personality that I want out of the game and what I feel Skyrim should look or just want to change something I feel is outdated I can just change it by modding it, and let me say that it can be ANYTHING that you have the power to change. Still one of my favorites to this day. #1 First Person Fantasy Action Survival Mythology Magical RPG.
Last good game from bethesda, but in Special Edition bethesda remove steam workshop and replaced it with Creation Club Credits for money. This is pathetic:\
tl;dr skyrim good, bethesda bad.

Let's start with the fact that i've always loved skyrim. There's no other games like it, not even other Elder Scrolls games could compare to it.
Getting into skyrim has always been very easy. From the character creation to killing your first legendary dragon - you always feel immersed. The world is alive, the fighting is engaging and the scenery... oh god the scenery. You can compare skyrim to other games, saying that it has outdated graphics, but skyrim doesn't use textures to look beatiful. No, skyrim uses it's design.
It's one of these games where anyone could make a screenshot that look gorgeous. It's a game with soundtrack so magical that people make compilations of sounds and scenery just to play in the background of their daily lifes.
I absolutely adore this game and if you've never played it then i strongly encourage you to try it out. Believe me, skiping this game for any reason is not a good idea.

Even though you may think i'm just a skyrim fanboy from the amount of praise i give to this game i still try to also aknowledge it's flaws. Yes, it has bugs. Yes, it has issues with it's gameplay. Yes, the skills screen is absolutely disgusting and they should've made a better one.

Skyrim is not perfect. If you want my objective review then i would hardly give it even a 7 out of 10. If i was a game critic i could even write an article that destroys this game by saying "it's quests are boring, it's scenery is shallow and it's fighting is dumb". And maybe some parts of it would be true. But i am not a game critic and i would never want to be one. And you are not reading this for a game critic's review. You are reading this for an honest review of just some guy that likes videogames. And that guy would give this game a solid 9, based on the impact this game had on him.

Now to the nasty part of this review.
As a person that adored bethesda for some time i seem to be more and more disappointed in them with every game they made these last 3 years. Fallout 4 was the last game i would actually play and it still wasn't giving me the same chills skyrim or fallout new vegas did.

My disapointment started with the announcement of this version of skyrim - the "Special Edition". long story short - it made the water look better and some graphics look nicer. Other than that it was the same game, even though i think the reasoning of making it was to release it anywhere they could. 
And then they introduced "The Creation Club". I was kinda enraged by it since they were bringing back paid mods but after i saw the "These mods are going to be extra cool" i decided to not hate it without at least seeing what it would turn out to be. 
And after two years of checking it out i have now come to the conclusion that I absolutely despise it. It is the worst type of paid mods they could make. It has FUСKING CLOTHING IN IT. CLOTHING, SKINS AND OTHER DUMB SHIТ THAT SHOULD BE FREE BUT NONONO IT'S NOT FREE BECAUSE SOMEBODY SPENT TIME MAKING THAT ROBE. As a person that is generally accepting of a lot of things game studios do my only thoughts every time i see creation club are "FUCК YOU TOO". Yes, they also made some actual game content like a bad survival mode and some zombie crap but i don't even want to start to describe how bad they are.

And the shiТstorm was only starting. Turned out that bethesda turns off your achievements if you play with mods. How on earth did they think of that i do not know since sometimes their games break in ways only mods can fix.
The last thing they did to skyrim that made me the most angry was hiding the original version from the search so now you can only buy the "special edition" one that had MORE BUGS THAN THE ORIGINAL at launch.

btw here's the link to original skyrim to anyone who wants to buy it, although i dont really see any point of doing that since the special edition is objectively better: https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/

afterwards there was fallout 76 and some more dumb decisions they made and now i can not say that i would support them as a company.

so, should you buy skyrim? yes.
should you buy skyrim: special edition? yes. despite all of bethesda's flaws they still didn't make it worse than the original and in some ways it is actually better.
would i encourage you to trust bethesda as a company? no. take everything with a pinch of salt. at least before they redeem themselves.
This is Skyrim but better in every single way.

Pros
64 Bit Game Engine
Better Graphics than vanilla Skyrim
Better Performance
Incredible value package
It's very much still Skyrim 
+200 hours of content (Vanilla game without mods)

Cons
Bugs which are in Vanilla Skyrim still exist
[h1]My experience with this [b]G O D L Y[/b] game.[/h1]
1. Play a bit of it Vanilla.
2. Find amazing mods on nexus or loverslab [spoiler]( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)[/spoiler]
3. Install said mods
4. Start a new game
5. Play a lot
6. Play a lot more
7. Get bored and play other games
8. Come back and play a lot again
9. Rethinking about your build
10. Search builds/modded skyrim builds on youtube
11. Play with said discovered build
12. Play again
13. Uninstall 'cause bored again
14. Time passes and you decide to come back again
15. Rinse and repeat
[This is a PC review of the game]
When The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition came out, I really took a disliking to it. I knew that there would be no added quests or anything like that - that is was literally a slight graphical and performance overhaul. Now, anyone that has played the original Skyrim will know that it needed a performance overhaul from day one, so this "Remastered" game really got our attention. 

While remastered does come with the DLC all included, it is rather expensive in comparison to Skyrim. I have to put it out there now, that I don't think it is worth full price, [b]ESPECIALLY[/b] not if you own the old game. It doesn't add enough new content to warrant that price. 

Performance:
The Skyrim Special Edition game makes a better use of the power and capabilities behind 64-bit operating systems. The older game would only use certain amounts of your VRAM and power from other various components of your PC. As a result, the game was quite clunky to play, even at times without mods. Many people would go on to mod it, and like myself, some did it quite heavily. The technical limitations of the game in this way soon presented problems in the forms of frequent CTD's (Crashes to Desktop) and infinate freezes / load screens. I have not had these issues [b]as frequently[/b] with Skyrim Special Edition. That, however, is not to say it's free of them either. 

When actually playing the game, it does feel much smoother than the original one. Sudden freezes, and that clunky stop and start feel have been almost entirely eliminated, and even with a few mods (I've started modding it already) it runs like you'd expect a game should do. 

Graphics:
The remastered game has faced graphical improvements too. The game has its own built in ENB now, and consequently it looks a lot smoother. Grass and trees have been edited to look slightly better than the original game, and grass is more dense. Not as dense as mods will get it, but nonetheless, there is more of it. I like this, but wish they had gone further with it. 

The view range, and the quality of the view that you see has aslo been improved. You can see further out, and it is in more detail. I like this a lot as it feels much more immersive than watching stuff load in in front of you. 

Weather systems have been improved too. There are some really quite nice vanilla ambiances and weathers that appear throughout the game, and this was a nice change to the dull, grey feel of the last game. 

Having said all of that, I did still feel let down by how little the game had changed, and how much better most of us modders had done it on the old game. 

Modding:
Unfortunately, Bethesda really screwed up the modding system. I understand that the game was made so that console users could also experience modding, I feel that was done at the cost of the PC users. The idea behind using Bethesda.net to download mods for the game is about as reliable as using the Steam workshop on the old game. If you mod properly, you're going to run in to a lot of issues with it. Thankfully, for PC users, Nexus Mod Manager and LOOT did come to save the day, but nonetheless, I have to criticise Bethesda's thinking on that one. 

Unfortunatley, the one thing that kept the last game alive so long - modders - were kinda shafted on this one too. I am not this well-informed on mod creation, but the updated game has changed the way in which mods work / need to be made. As a result of this, some of our most-needed mods such as SkyUI and SKSE are not yet with us, and from that, any former users will agree, we all suffer. There has been nothing to suggest that these mods, and many others that we lost, will not come eventually, but it will take a while. 

Verdict:
Overall, I think this game was a bit of a money grab to be honest. I, while I still do like it, am not 'satisfied' with it as such. What little has changed hasn't made such a massive difference to the game that it warrants paying over doubble the proce of the old game. Because I love Skyrim itself, I have to give it a strong 10/10, but as a NEW game - a remaster, I can't give it more than a 4/10 really. In my opinion, it's not good enough. However, I got it free because I owned all the content from the old game, so I am not too unhappy. If I'd paid for it I would be. 

If you've never played Skyrim before, and you're on console, this will appeal to you, and it would be worth it for you, perhaps, but I don't feel it brought anything new to the PC front. The modding community is still ahead of this game. Ultimatly though, I can't dislike it. It is (because it's Skyrim) an amazing game. 

Thank you for reading my review!

Talos be with you all.

P.S. Sorry, can I just tag this on the end. Characters still look [b]TERRIBLE[/b]. A lack of mods means you have to play as the most ugly, dirty, wrinkled, shrivelled, potato-looking cretin I have ever seen in a game. PLEASE, FOR THE LOVE OF TALOS, DO SOMETHING WITH THE CHARACTER CUSTOMISATION! 

Thank you.
It's 2018. If you don't know whether or not you'd like Skyrim by now, this recommendation probably isn't going to help you. But here you go anyway: Buy it, ignore the Creation Club, and enjoy.
I was finally getting my life back together. I got a girlfriend, my grades were good and I finally had a social life and I try to forget what happened 5 years ago when The Elder Scrolls 5 came out. And then this shit appears again which is basically the same fucking game but with faster loading screens and you can finally Alt Tab out without getting the fucking cursor on my fucking screen and poof, gone.


10/10 would lose my life again.
I love this game...but the direction bethesda is heading in isn't the best. If they are going to move away from steam and try to create their own uplay or origin I don't know if I'll continue to buy their games. It's still buggy sadly and has problems here and there but it's still that same old skyrim experience. A fantastic RPG with great storytelling and mechanics.
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ 0+
☐ 3+
☐ 7+
☑ 12+
☐ 16+
☐ 18+
☐ 21+

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run the calculator
☐ Potato
☑ Minimum
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boy
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press some buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☑ Epic
☐ Lovley
☐ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ Something is not nothing I guess
☐ Doesnt have

---{Game Time}---
☑ Endless
☐ Very Long
☐ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Not too short
☐ Short
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea

---{Price}---
☑ Buy now
☐ Consider to buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Do not buy it
☐ Do not throw money into a trash can

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Few bugs
☐ Some bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a bug
This is probably one of the best, if not [u]the[/u] best, RPG games ever made. A bold statement, I'm well aware. But this game does [i]so[/i] many things right that it's really hard not to be impressed with it. And let's be honest: this is a game which is now 7 years old and it's still going strong. Surely that means something....

So why do I think this game is so immensely superior within the field of RPG's?

[h1]No enforced gameplay[/h1]

No, I'm not talking about the open world here. If you played RPG's before you'll be familiar with the starting process: design your character, name it, choose things such as race and gender and then...  choose what they should "be" and set up their stats accordingly. A warrior will need strength and stamina, a magician or wizard will need intelligence and a thief would need dexterity. All nice and well, but what if you don't know what you want to play as?

I think many of us have been here before: you chose to be a warrior because of its general stats and it might make the game easier to get into. And then you learn about all those cool spells but.... not for you! Your warrior character is too dumb so you don't get to have any fun. Maybe you could use one of your followers? Basically you had to set up some stats and those then determine your gameplay. But since you didn't know the gameplay up front you may end up disappointed. Time to start over?

That works a [b]little[/b] bit different in Skyrim: your stats don't control your gameplay, but your gameplay determines your stats.

Meaning: if you wield a sword for a long period of time you'll gain more experience with one handed fighting, which is a specific skill. Managed to block and bash your way through enemies using a shield? Then you'll gain more blocking experience. Magic? Sure, you won't be able to cast high end spells "just like that" but some low level spells, maybe from a spellbook? No problem. And you guessed it: this would raise your spellcasting abilities (there's more to magic than that, but for the sake of a simple review let's stick with this for now).

So during an upgrade you will get to spend one (or more) [i]skill points[/i]. You can use those to enhance some of the skills you've been using. Remember me mentioning blocking? If you gained enough XP you might be able to increase your skill which would result in your shield blocking more damage than before. That sword you were wielding? With enough one handed experience you can unlock more options, like one which will make your attacks inflict more damage. You don't obtain special skills from boring numbers, you gain them from actually doing things which will account for training.

And this applies to almost everything. From shooting a bow to sneaking. From casting magic spells to stealing. Even skills such as smithing (make your own weapons and armor), speech (bartering) and enchanting. Just play the game as you [i]want[/i] to play and your experience (and expertise) will grow which will unlock more cool abilities. A warrior who knows how to shoot a bow and cast some powerful spells? Not a problem.

[h1]No "reward paradox"![/h1]

This is not official terminology so allow me to explain...  When you first start you obviously don't have the best gear in the game. Your armor is probably average at best and same applies to your weapons. So how do we get better gear to enhance our gameplay? Simple: you need to do missions which will obviously reward you and you can use those rewards to get better stuff. Heck: you may even find good stuff during such a mission.

But there's also the problem: the reason we want some better stuff is to get a better chance with those missions. But you need to do missions before you get better stuff. But we want better stuff to do the missions, which you only get after doing a mission. As such: a paradox of some sort.

You probably guessed it: Skyrim doesn't work that way. So you learn about this dungeon which should contain some solid information about the recent dragon attacks. This is the mission you'd undertake to get some good rewards. But what if we want better stuff first? Simple: there's a mine nearby Riverwood. If you looked around Whiterun and talked to some folks then you probably been taught how to craft and enhance weapons and armor. So why not ignore the mission for now and instead hop over to that mine and see if you can dig up some metal ores? You should be able to use those in the forge you already know about and then use all that stuff to craft (or enhance) your current gear.

So by undertaking such an effort you're basically doing an (unofficial!) mission. One which will bring its own share of rewards and discoveries. Of course you're not doing an official quest: you're only trying to make things easier on yourself :)

It's not only about freedom in the sense of an open world, but even with the missions and their rewards. Most open world games don't do this: they [i]only[/i] unlock stuff after certain missions. Well, not Skyrim! Fun fact: you could even ignore the main quest entirely and solely focus on making your character much better at first.

[h1]There is some logic applied to the enemies you meet![/h1]

During your first walk to Riverwood, and later Whiterun, you'll come across some native animals. It varies of course but I'm sure you're going to encounter a wolf and/or a crab. At this point in the game they may even give you a hard time. So what would happen if you leveled up and have become much stronger? Do the wolves suddenly get replaced by alpha wolves or something weird?

Nope!  And I think it's brilliant and [i]really[/i] makes sense!  So: if you go to this area later on in the game and come across these animals you may get attacked by them again. Only this time they won't be a match for your power and skills, some may even be slain in one hit.

This is [u]so[/u] much better than those games which raise the difficulty of your enemies no matter what.

Why? Think about it: how would a small village such as Riverwood be able to exist if it were surrounded by monsters which only (very) high skilled warriors could defeat? You probably know the Riverwood trader (and if not: the town has a trader, you should look him up sometime). But how is he going to get his supplies when only the strongest of warriors would be able to pass through the surrounding woods? Wouldn't it be fair to say that if you had those kind of beasts surrounding your town then everyone with a bit of common sense would steer clear from the whole area as best as they can? So much for trading!

So if the local trader doesn't have anything to trade, then where are the town folks going to get their food from? Whiterun you say? How? Surely a simple townsman won't be able to survive the woods anymore, and surely the Jarl won't sent out his best detachments only to guard a trading convoy?

Skyrim has a sense of realism. And I think it's really good for the gameplay.

[h1]Summing up[/h1]

[list]
[*] Truly open world gameplay: you decide what to do and when to do it.
[*] Total freedom: your stats don't determine your skills, your actions do.
[*] Total roleplay: just because you started doing evil stuff doesn't mean that the only things you manage to say are also only evil from here on.
[*] Beautiful sceneries and environment.
[/list]

There are also some cons... I don't necessarily like the default graphics for the player characters (my elven maiden looked like a hag at first :( ) and there are some nasty and weird bugs in the game. But that's what mods are for. And no: you can pick up plenty of mods totally free of charge. Straight from the main menu! No need to pay.

I would also have mentioned the awesome DLC but it seems my review is getting too long ;)

So here you have it, I highly recommend this game. This is a true classic.

-runs better
-graphics are improved not by a whole lot but they are a better
-more stable
-less bugs then the original but still not perfect
-when it comes to mods i would say even though there are much less, there are plenty that so far seem to be less buggy

**best of all i got it for free. obviously besthsda understands it wouldnt be worth it to charge money if you already had the original so they gave it to us for free.
It's just Skyrim except with all the DLC + better default graphics engine and way more stable when it comes to modding. Skyrim was a 9/10 game this is a 9.5/10 game I guess. Excellent amazing move along.
[h1]The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim Special Edition[/h1]
As the name suggests ,it is the fifth installment of the Elder Scrolls games produced by Bethesda  which takes place in the vast and iconic locations of the beautiful and dangerous Skyrim.The game boasts of over 500+ hours of gameplay and is probably the largest in terms of exploration.Now lets take a look at the various elements of this game.

[h1]The journey of the Dovahkiin[/h1]
The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is all about the journey of Dragonborn ,the few last remaining beings with the blood of a dragon in their veins which gives them to ability to absorb a dragon's soul after slaying them and unlocking dormant mystic talents.It is the destiny of a dragonborn to put an end to the reappearnce of dragons across Skyrim and prevent total annhilation.Sounds simple,but this is only a small part of the dragonborn's problems.The conflict among different races and dirty politics being exhibit at large creates challenging problems throughout the journey which the dragonborn must face and come out victorious to maintain peace and prosperity.

[h1]The Races[/h1]
Initially the game starts with the dragonborn being a prisoner and is being taken for execution.During this phase players are required to enter a name and select a race to begin the campaign which allows character customisation.
There are 10 different races to choose from:
[list]
  [*]High Elf
  [*]Breton
  [*]Wood Elf
  [*]Argonian
  [*]Dark Elf
  [*]Imperial
  [*]Khajiit
  [*]Redguard
  [*]Nord
  [*]Orcs
[/list]

Out of these i chose to play as a Khajiit which are known to be excellent traders and are adept at stealth tasks.They are basically a mix of human and cat with sharp claws and night eye.They are found all across Skyrim travelling and selling their wares.

[h1]Gameplay[/h1]
Elder Scrolls Skyrim is playable across the nine major cities and the island solstheim which is at the northern end of Skyrim.There are a large number of caves ,towers ,tombs and settlements to explore and all along the way there will be surprise attacks by dragons which either have to be slayed or tamed.There is a fitting ratio between cities and wilderness  which provides a perfect fairytale setting.
There is an option of fast travel which becomes available after visiting a location atleast once.Its better though to travel towards a destination on foot sometimes as many scenic visuals and memorable encounters can only be found this way.
Players can recruit a follower,marry an NPC,adopt kids and much more.

[h1]Combat[/h1]
The combat mechanics of this game are immersive and pretty much satisfying.There are two different avatars to approach a fight:
[b]Combat:Using weapons[/b]
There are three four fighting styles using weapons which are :
[list]
  [*]Hard and heavy hitting with dual handed weapons.
  [*]Quick and slashy hitting with one handed weapons.
  [*]High damaging with magic weapons.
  [*]Sneaky backstabbing with daggers.
[/list]
Combat is also affected by the apparel which the dragonborn wears.Heavy armor slows attack speed but provides better resistance while light armor increases agility but at the cost of greater vulnerability.
There are a huge set of weapons available to choose which can be enchanted to instil magical properties which need to be recharged using souls gems to maintain their magical effects.

[b]Combat:Using Magic[/b]
There is also a way to get rid of foes without using weapons ,which is through magic.This approach of combat requires learning various destruction,conjuration and restoration spells through spell tomes(magic books scattered at various locations) to be successful.High skills in magic allows conjuration of dead bodies,instant healing,devastating elemental attacks,mind bending and much more.Special mention must be given to the shouts which come very handy during dire situations.

[h1]The different groups[/h1]
There are a number of different groups each with unique goals and intriguing backstories which the dragonborn can join and complete their quests to reach their top level,which in turn makes top level collectibles available for dragonborn and some insane benefits.Some popular ones are the dark brotherhood which are known to be deadly assassins,the mages of Winterhold,the thieves guild of Riften and the rebel Stormcloaks of Windheim. Players are free to join any group except there is a choice between Imperials of Solitude and the Stormcloaks as their opposite ideologies lead to different endings in context of the campaign.

[h1]Graphics and Music[/h1]
The graphics and music of the tilte is quite good keeping in mind the game's been around since 2011.Further enhancements can be done through installing proper mods.The visuals in vanilla itself are quite marvelous and the music doesn't irritate even after hours of continuous play.

[h1]Drawbacks[/h1]
This great game has some flaws too.
[list]
  [*]Rewards are mostly underpaid with respect to the enemy infested quests.
  [*]Horses are poorly designed,they are slow and can stangely climb even wall like standing flat mountains.
  [*]Heavy modding makes the game crash prone.
  [*]The transition from a beginner to a guild master is too quick,more quests would have been better.
  [*]I personally feel there is a lack of driving force which would make the dragonborn do what he does.Why would someone perform such heroic deeds by just knowing about the ability to absorb dragons.
[/list]

[u]Apart from these rest of the review highlights are the pros[/u]

[h1]Conclusion[/h1]
In all i would write this,anyone who could play through the first 5 hours of the game will surely love it and continue the journey of the Dovahkiin.I hope this review helps the reader and i know some of it might be wrong and incomplete,so feel free to rectify.I would appreciate that.Thanks for reading.

[b]Please note[/b]:[i]This review is written after playing 98 hours of moddless gameplay.[/i]
I understand why there are certain users giving this version of skyrim a thumbs down, due to bethesda's... bad decisions here and there... suffice to say. However, I feel that those users are purely giving a review on the company itself, rather than the actual game. But, I do understand where those people are coming from. Still, instead of only ranting how evil bethesda is, I will discuss what the positives are about this particular edition of skyrim... and also some of the negatives that come with this game. Don't worry, there aren't too many negatives to discuss, but they still need to be kept in mind before considering getting this game. (I'll be addressing the original game as “oldrim” and the special edition, as sse. Just to clear any confusion).

I'll start with the biggest positive. We all know that most of us like modding skyrim, and some of us like modding it to hell, to the point of becoming a hell in of itself. This game uses a 64 bit engine that is a major step up from oldrim's 32 bit engine. This means that the game will not only be way more stable in terms of modding capabilities, but it's also way less prone to randomly crashing like oldrim has. This also means that the game is way better optimized and you'll likely get more frames in sse than in oldrim (granted you aren't playing on a toaster). So now you'll be able to go more all out with modding, without having to worry much about upsetting precious skyrim. (The numerous times I've crashed with oldrim... still gives me nightmares).

As for the visuals... the game does look slightly better, but not by much. One visual improvement I do like however, are the improved shadows. The old blocky, pixelated shadows from oldrim are now gone. Even shadows on low, look better than that of the original game. Also the addition of a default dof effect was a pretty nice addition imo. There aren't many things to be said about the visuals, except that they look slightly better than oldrim. You get godrays and some other not so good looking visual effects... (snow shader), but of course you can easily tweak everything to your liking. 

Aside from the silly talk about graphics in skyrim, I'll get down to what exactly are the negatives that come with sse. On July 11th 2017, bethesda announced the creation club, which introduced the option to purchase custom creations that come off as paid mods to many. But, the reality behind the creation club. Is that bethesda forcefully implemented the option to purchase glorified micro-transactions disguised as “mini dlcs” or “paid mods” into a single player game. Albeit not in the traditional sense. Why exactly is this considered a negative? Well, not only did it forcefully implement a small store to buy these paid creations within sse, but it also introduced a number of problems for the modding capabilities of the game. 

Why is this a problem for modding exactly? Well, certain complex mods depend on something called skse64, which is a script extender tool that further expands the modding capabilities for the game. It basically allows for more awesome and complex mods to be made possible, while also allowing crucial bug fixing mods to function as well. So the creation club is having a negative impact on the functionality of skse64, because every time the creation club updates. It causes skse64 to stop functioning and this would also make certain mods that depend on skse64, to stop working. (Only until skse64 and certain skse64 dependent mods, update to the current updated version of sse). 

There are numerous reasons why the creation club can be considered problematic. But, the worst thing about the creation club, was enforcing these custom creations into a single player game. While making the modding experience tedious on the modders and also on users who just wanted to mod their game in peace. At one point the creation club was actually taking up hard drive space, even if you didn't have any creation club mods installed, fortunately bethesda fixed that mishap.

These were the main reasons why it took me so long to get into sse, despite getting it for free for owning oldrim and all it's dlc's. Bethesda even went so far as to introduce a “spam box” notification in the main menu advertising the creation club. Just to hammer it down more on our heads. In all honesty, I wouldn't have had any problems with the creation club, if it wasn't getting in the way of modding sse, due to the game updating too much for the creation club. Also if the creation club had actual content that is on par with certain pre existing mods that is actually worth paying for. 

Everything in the creation club is either very overpriced or a mere shadow of an already existing mod (survival mode). Let me be clear, I am not condemning anyone who wants to use the creation club. In my opinion, I feel it should be something left out of sse, but realistically that's not going to happen. Bethesda should have at least implemented it better or have the creation club be completely separate from the game itself, without making it a nuisance for some. (but who am I kidding). 

Aside from that obvious elephant in the room. There are also some other slight negatives left to discuss about this particular edition of skyrim. One of the issues with sse, is that it still retains all the bugs from oldrim. Bethesda has been focused on skyrim for a long time, while re-releasing it numerous times now and is of course one of their best selling games of all time. So why they didn't even bother to put in the effort to iron out all the remaining, numerous gameplay bugs the game has is just odd. Despite being many reports online detailing these said bugs. I know most people would say: "It's because the modders do all the work for them" as there are mods available to fix those issues. But, shouldn't bethesda be the one to fix these gameplay/quest bugs? Maybe, maybe not, but it is still a negative nonetheless. 

The last negative I'll discuss, is the price itself. Price wise the game is too expensive. I know this includes all the dlc's and is a major improvement in terms of stability, still a game this old shouldn't be priced normally at $39.99, default price should be preferably $19.99. Especially when you consider how bethesda has forcefully implemented paid creations within sse, while also conveniently hiding the oldrim store page from steam search, as well as disabling sales for that game. Which is also another negative, but more so on bethesda themselves.

So overall... why am I still recommending this game? Well, it's because it is the most stable and optimized version yet, but also because there are many mods to get around some of the issues I presented within this review. Such as visuals, bugs, and even the creation club... to an extent [url=https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/12679]No More Creation Club News[/url] 

Despite these negatives, I can't deny that sse is the most stable and optimized version yet, although hindered by the creation club. If it weren't for the high price, the creation club, bethesda hiding original skyrim and disabling sales for it, this version of skyrim would have been received much better.

I'll close this shoddy review by noting that sse still has a lot of mod support and more than enough mods to justify making an upgrade from oldrim to sse, (if you so choose). It goes without saying that oldrim has way more mods by comparison (oldrim came out in 2011) However, sse is much more stable and optimized, but either way, pick however you like your poison. Just keep in mind the expensive cost of this game and wait for a sale on a reasonable price. As for the creation club... all I can suggest for users who use certain skse64 dependent mods, stick with a specific version. Unless if you want to keep endlessly updating till bethesda retires the creation club, which doesn't seem very likely at this point.

Hopefully my review has helped somewhat. If not, well meh.
Player Bases.
☐ Kids
☐ Everyone.
☑ Mature.
☐ Casual Players.
☐ Pro players.

Graphics.
☐ Potato.
☐ Really Bad.
☐ Bad.
☐ OK.
☐ Good.
☑ Beautiful.
☐ Masterpiece.

Price.
☐ Full Price.
☑ Wait For Sale.
☐ Refund It If You Can
☐ Don't Buy It.
☐ Free.

Requirements.
☐ Minimum.
☐ Medium.
☑ Fast.
☐ High End.
☐ Super Computer.

Difficulty.
☐ Easy.
☑ Medium.
☐ Hard.
☐ Very Hard.
☐ Death March.
☐ Dark Souls.

Game length.
☐ Really Short. ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short. ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Medium. ( 8 - 16 hours)
☐ Long. ( 16+ hours)
☑ Endless.

Story.
☐ It Doesn't Have One.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Ok.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Fantastic.

Cinematic/Art.
☐ It Doesn't Have.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Ok.
☑ Average.
☐ Good.
☐ Like Watching A Movie.

Music/Sound.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Decent.
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Amazing.

Gameplay.
☐ Terrible. 
☐ Ok.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Fantastic.

Bugs.
☐ Game Itself Is One Big BUG.
☐ Game Breaking Bugs.
☐ Lots of bugs.
☑ Few Bugs.
☐ Nothing.

Others.
Multiplayer: : ☐
Singleplayer : ☑

Final Score:
9/10

Recommended
>Finally spends month modding Skyrim to perfection
*Sigh* finally.
>Bethesda releases new update
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...
What can anyone write about Skyrim that has not already been written.
If you have not played it yet, then get the SE asap, mod the hell out of it and find yourself lost in its amazing world.
[b][u] Pros:[/u]

- Several questlines (Some questlines are a bit meh but others are amazing)
- Some NPCs are very interesting and unique
- Mods are amazing
- Endless things to do
- Amazing landscapes
- Perk system is good
- Daedric quests are great
- So much lore and backstory
- Graphics are pretty nice (Even better with mods)
- The Dark Brotherhood, Dawnguard and Dragonborn questlines are amazing
- You can shoot fire out of your hands

[u]Cons:[/u]

- The main questline is predictable and a bit boring
- Some NPCs are a bit dull
- Most of your actions don't have a consequence in quests
- Not enough voice actors for the number of NPCs leaving a lot of characters to sound the same as others
- The game looks very grey in some areas (ENB mods improve this)
- Creation club/Paid mods are not usually worth it (However you don't NEED to buy anything from there)
- Bugs are everywhere (Usually fixable with console commands however)
- "I am sworn to carry your burdens"


[u]Review:[/u]

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is my favourite game of all time across all platforms. I used to play Skyrim on Xbox 360 when I was younger for hours and hours on end every day and probably put in over 1000 hours in total just on Xbox 360. I then bought the Special Edition when I bought an Xbox One mainly for the mods as well as to relive the experience, I wasn't too impressed with the mods on Xbox One but I still ended up putting around 600 hours into the game. Finally, I bought a PC which I later bought Skyrim Special Edition for, and realised the mods on pc are incredible in comparison to Xbox. Although Skyrim is filled with bugs and other issues there is no way I could not recommend it. This game is absolutely amazing and I would highly recommend it to everyone and especially to people who like RPG games.

[u]Rating:[/u]

9/10
Stable Skyrim. Finally. This is what PC users running Windows 10 have needed for a long time. 

This is the most stable version of Skyrim I've ever played. I have close to 70 mods installed now and I think I've had one CTD in my current game (level 66 now). That's remarkable for Skyrim. 

If you've never taken the plunge, this is the version to do it with. 

I received this game for free because I already had the 32-bit version of Skyrim and all DLC's when Special Edition was launched. But given the stability, and how much I play it, I'd have paid the $60. It's worth every penny.
[i]I disgust myself sometimes.[/i]

I normally don't write reviews this early on in playtime. However, given the fact that I've amassed, in a soft estimate, roughly 800 hours through different versions of this game and so has most likely everyone else. I feel qualified in throwing in my 2 cents in on the matter. 

I'll start by stating that I did not receive this game for free as I have never previously played or owned any of the DLC. I did in fact pay $20 for this version.

[h1]Skyrim is fuckin' great.[/h1]
I feel like it's the popular thing to hate on Skyrim. Either for being dumbed-down from Oblivion or even more so from Morrowind, or because it has so many versions as well as Bethesda just becoming a “villain” in the industry. 

The fact of the matter is that when we look back at gaming history (I know a lot of people don't really care about the history of gaming, especially because it's quite new from a relative standpoint to other forms of media. But, you should care and you're bad for not caring. :P) Skyrim will go down as one of the greatest games ever made. It'll be right there on the same list as Tetris, Minecraft, Super Mario, Zelda, Quake, Doom and Unreal Tournament. I've left out things like Pong, Pac-man and the Magnavox Odyssey because, while equally important, they are incremental to the further development of games and not necessarily 'the greatest'. However, I feel that simply mentioning them in the same paragraph speaks volumes. 

[h1]Creation Club and people getting paid for work.[/h1]
I'm of two minds when it comes to these things. I don't think there will ever be a way to satisfy everyone. But, I think Besthesda has shaken off the naysayers and implemented a system that benefits most. Participation in the Creation Club is optional. You can still use the script extender, you can still use the nexus and you can still download steam workshop mods directly in the main menu. For FREE. Of course at the bereavement of not being able to get achievements. My god, what a travesty. How will we ever recover at such a price? While I realize you previously could donate or wire tap funds to mod makers. What 'normie' is really going to do that? The Creation Club has given a pathway for those with a dearth of technical knowledge a way to explore mods and provide compensation to those that make them should they choose to. And from this perspective, I simply can find no fault. 

I'm not going to bother saying what Skyrim [i]is[/i], as of this point, if you don't know what Skyrim is, I'm willing to bet you're mother is currently gestating. 

[i][b]THE GIST
Do we need a hundred thousand versions of Skyrim? Absolutely not. But, I would say if you currently don't own Skyrim, this version has objectively more content than the version that does not include the Dragonborn, Hearthfire and Dawnguard DLC. And yes, at a base value. This game vanilla is basically the old Skyrim with a few foliage, texture and shader mods. Remasters aren't going anywhere. Especially with the average age of gamer increasing. Your 10 year old self has a bunch of memories your 30 year old self wants to revisit. And devs want to provide that concession. For [u]mostly[/u] the same reasons.[/b][/i]

[i]Check out my curated archive for more. [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/28295405/]Station Argus.[/url][/i]
I have a feeling that no one is gonna see this at all but I just wanted to post a review on this game. I love it SO much! It has actually scared me some times because of dragons coming out of no where and attacking me but that just adds to the thrill of this awesome, huge, free-roam type of game! I love all of the different types of monsters &/or creatures and all the awesome quests to keep you busy so you never get bored. I thank the creators of this game including everyone who helped and worked on it as well. It's such an awesome game, so much exploring, adventuring, having kids, buying houses, making your own house (which is what I'm doing lol) and so much more! I absolutely LOVE this game! <3
Bethesda: make oldrim great again.

+ more reshade
+ x64
+ more ram, vram
+ some effects

- 4k old textures with more plants big space and crappy house etc textures I can make a swollen item by bringing 2k 4k, even with the paint program only. 
- I need more time spent made own skyrim for new format type bsa etc.
- Still have bugs etc for normal modders (I have only mission bug (Season Unending) :D ) 
- Paid some mods but its free in nexus, other communities or change old esp to new esp or chage mesh file add to other mods :)
- Next game will be more paid mods and money per speacial item texture in (MORE MORE) create club but more texture free in nexus and other communities.
- still dont have coop or multiplayer but we use another mod for it
- maybe you can make a cinematic camera or something for dialoges
- maybe you can more beauty npcs add in game 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I think it's time for a legendary new single play game. If you plan to create a new game ten years later, at least do these things. Manyy thanks to the producer and the modders.
Only just realised I didn't write a review for this game.

This game with mod support can pile 1000s of hours of game time and playability and this is must play. I have lost count to how many times I've replayed this game as different species and classes. I first played on xbox 360 as a heavy weapon melee argonian, then on xbox one as a high elf destruction class and light weapon khajit then on PC as a dark elf archer and conjurer.

You take the role as Dragonborn which in simpler terms, a person who can shout very loud at dragons. You are powerful and harness dragon souls and power as the game goes on. The game on special edition looks great especially on PC but I wouldn't say it needed a new game. This game has so much content and player choice/decision to quests and options that effect the game. The DLC is adds a ton new items, quests and content too which is worth even more for picking it up. You have control over the course of the game with what you do and how you do it. The locations are scattered with loot and the fact that half the map you don't aren't even required to look into shows how much you can get out of this game. There is so much to do and if that wasn't already enough, the mods that are available add even more with more items and locations.

This wouldn't be a bethesda game without a ton of glitches and bugs but I won't even go into detail on them, you'll experience it all when you play the game but the game is too superior to be concerned about that. Honestly, play this game and experience it in all it's glory. It is far ahead of it's time and you don't want to miss playing and experiencing this game. The unique weapons and npcs throughout the game make the player have mini checklists for items like daedric or collecting sets.

The different factions, species and outcomes to the game allow for multiple replays of experiencing different scenarios in the game. Joining the companions, Joining the Imperials, Joining the Brotherhood, Joining the Storm cloaks and more. Being an orc, nord, elf. Choosing Dawnguard or Volkihar.

THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE, IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT THEN GET IT NOW AND IF YOU HAVE IT THEN PLAY IT AGAIN.

11/10
If you want the original Skyrim game + DLCs,
Steam and Bethesda keeps it hidden here:

https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/

and the DLCs here:

https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dragonborn/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dawnguard/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/202485/Skyrim_High_Resolution_Texture_Pack_Free_DLC/
This game looks better then the original, but if you have the original you can make it look better than this threw free mods on the nexus. I myself will never pay for a mod. So I only play this without creation club mods. This game is good without mods so I will still give this a thumbs up. The game is worth the money, but if you can get it on sale even better. I give this an 8/10.
I love this game! With the vast open world to explore (not including Solstheim) and the amount of work you put into upgrading your character, as well as alternate paths you can take in the main quests (joining the Stormcloaks or the Imperials), you definitely get your time's worth out of this game.  

Yes, this game is buggy as hell, and sometimes works to your disadvantage (I had accidentally killed off key characters in side quests thinking they served their purpose after encountering them, with the quest continuing anyway).  But I feel the beauty of Bethesda is, despite their clear lack of game programming skill, they quickly make up for it by incidentally making the game quirky (in a good way).  As shown from some content creators (Vinesauce especially), the game's glitches are actually entertaining to watch and add to the wonders you can explore while venturing in Skyrim.  I was once wandering the Forgotten Vale with Serana on a quest when I had found her t-posing sideways almost into the ground. I uploaded a clip of this here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZyRvs2XpGQ 

TL;DR

I recommend this game to anyone looking for an open world game made in earnest, even with alot of minor and major faults with the vanilla version of this game (I bought the regular version of Skyrim to add mods)
"The Best Purchases I Have Ever Made."
                                      
                                                                -Commander Karma
If you dont want Speciall edition here in the link to the original game.
https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/




Did you also try to find it one steam ?
Did you search for hours trying to find the good old cheaper version ?
Did you wonder why they removed it and only have the 39£ version avaliable ?
Did you eat your breakfast this morning ?
to be honest, i have a relatively low opinion of vanilla skyrim, in comparison to previous elder scrolls games. but if you're gonna play it, this is the version to buy.
and if you're gonna mod it? this is your dream come true. this plus vortex and nexusmods is my own personal heaven, it's so much less of a hassle and much more stable than previous versions of the game. very durable and good
This game may be old but oh boy does that not stop it from being incredibly fun at first i didn't know how much things you could do in this game and on my first couple playthroughs i missed out on so many good things you could do like smithing and enchanting which are very very useful and i love how you can have lots of inventory and space. this game is jam packed full of unique and interesting things that i would recommend it to anyone who likes exploring and dungeon crawling.
Skyrim is the best game i have ever played i only have 61 hours on pc right now but when skyrim came out for xbox 360 and then xbox 1 i must have put in like 3 or 4000 hours into the game maybe even more skyrim is such a beautiful game and it helps that there are alot more mods for pc than there was for xbox one, as the dovahkiin your are not limited to anything withing the game the game is full of different thing for the game being 7 years old now i am still finding things out that i didn't know before. its weird to say that skyrim is 7 years old i have been playing the game since it game out tbh when i first saw my brother play the game i thought i wouldn't like it but then i played it and it open up a hole new different type of games now i have played almost all the elder scrolls games and this is just such a game game and i cant wait until the elder scrolls 6 comes out (i also cant wait until the mod developers are done with the MP mod it is going to soo fun to play skyrim with some friends)
One of the best games ever made. I have bought it 3 separate times now on 3 separate consoles and i cant stop playing it. Its buggy AF but that's also another charm to the game and with the new Skyrim together mod coming out soon, the game is just gonna get better.
I love this game sooo much. As an xbox player for most of my teen years i loved this game from the beginning. when i switched over to pc it was so easy and it was much better graphics then the xbox. I love that you can start a game and finish, then start it again and find new things to do every time. I love that you can customize the game how you like to play by using mods, it was a love hate relationship when i was playing, always getting so frustrated then beating the thing i got frustrated over. but for me i love grinding, making, customizing and leveling up my character, i love the story line of the game. elder scrolls / skyrim really got me into gaming and i've been looking for games that are somewhat like skyrim. its a really good game and i would recommend it for anyone looking for a good game to play.
No lollygaggin', if you dont know what this game is you're either out of 8 years in coma or dead. Throw in some mods and say farewell to any form of social life.
There isn't much to say about this game other than that it is an absolutely amazing game despite its many flaws.

Sure, it isn't as RPG-like as some of the previous Elder Scrolls games, but it is nonetheless an empowering and fun experience that makes you feel like the hero of some epic.

It's a buggy mess at times, but the mods that are easily applied to the game both fix that and give the game a whole new feel.

If you haven't played Skyrim already, you ought to, because there's a whole lot of stuff waiting for you out in Tamriel.
I mean, what do you even say about Skyrim? This game is a meme unto itself. Skyrim is a beautifully rendered RPG brimming with unforgettable characters, locations and, most importantly....voice lines.

"NEVER SHOULD A COME HERE" --Every bandit in Skyrim
11/10 look at my hours played if you need more convincing.
I have 200+ hours on PC but I have 1100 hours on console, it's by far my favorite open world RPG. People are complaining about this version being buggy but I've ran into the same bugs as the console. If you're looking for a game that you can lose yourself in for hours then look no further.
Skyrim is a great game at first but when you really think about it, its a joke. The game is way to easy and can get deadric armor at like lvl 1 if you knew the glitches and everything. Fighting is complete crap. Quests are bland and too easy. Also wanna mod the Special Edition? good luck it doesnt have as much mods then if you would have bought the original game and bought the DLCs separate. I came here to buy the original and the DLCs but i guess the took it off so i cant get those really cool mods anymore. Though i am going to give it a good review only because i grew up playing this joke of a game. I have great memories with it and yea its funny at times and very glitchy but all in all it can give you great memories and a fun time for a short while until you played every quest and know the map by heart and dont even need it anymore and thats when it gets boring. Mods are great i have deep respect for the people who take their time to mod this game :D and i highly recommend modding this game because come on.. it looks horrible lol
Don't let the hours on record above fool you. I logged hundreds into the non-special edition version.  I can't say I have any complaints. At launch, lots of fans complained of bugs and the game being unplayable. Yet, I logged maybe 20 hours into the first two days and did not experience these glitches. I assume it has to do with hardware and software set ups maybe? As for the meat and potatoes of this game:

Pros: Very good game if playing vanilla. 
Great game if playing with mods. Literally hundreds to thousands of mods that change everything from the environment to the weather to making your dragon born sexier.  Hair mods, male genitalia mods, female details, diversified dragons, new quests, new armor, ETC. Honestly, only a fraction of the good stuff is on the Bethesda link. The best is found on the nexus.  A game that was released good as is but made better than the community. This is what PC gaming is about. 
And you know what? When the special edition was released? They gave it away for free to those that had already bought the old version. 
Cons: I can't think of any.
and thus tod blessed us with skyrim release number 273, "except this one has more mod space" he explained, whilst he turned up the cpu usage by %1680. and now we wait for release number 274
I first played this game when i was 12 years old. I loved it then i so i do now that i am 18. I understand the people who is upset about Bethesda and all, but the game has a soft spot in my memorie for what it meant then. I don´t recomend it because of the nostalgia i feel, i recommend it because i play it and i still enjoy it.

I decided to get a gaming desktop and I just can't say how happy for being able to get back to Skyrim and have such nice graphics compared to what we have today. This game still is my primary choice when it comes to lore immersion, with updated graphics then? A no-brain decision.

If you're just new to Skyrim or looking for some nostalgia, get it.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of my favorite open world games. The world, mythos, gameplay, and nuisances you'll find are always enjoyable and will help you feel like you're in a truly endless experience. The special edition is a fine update to the game, helping it look somewhat prettier to match today's standards. I highly recommend it, but if you would like to play the original edition, I completely understand. It's all a matter of preference and what you can run on your machine.

I highly recommend The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition. You'll get sucked into this world and never forget your triumphs experienced throughout.
Got the free upgrade for having all the bits. Too-be-honest, it's alright. Get it in a sale, you won't feel too stung. 

The engine looked ancient when the game released, the quests are still buggy, the voice work isn't as good as the two games before it. But it is huge, with things to see, like vast underground caverns lit by the glow of bio-luminescent mushrooms, the forgotten tech of the Dwemer, shipwrecks that you need to be able to breath underwater to able to visit. 

If you're prepared to get up to your elbows into the guts of the game, there's all sorts of stuff to be fiddled with, field of view, grass and tree density, pop up distance. And there are more mods on the Nexus than you will ever be able to play, including total conversions and new territories, 

I fear that Skyrim will be the last of the good Elder Scrolls games, as each one since Morrowind has got slightly less brilliant in turn, (and it didn't go so well with Fallout 76. So, there's that)

My recommendation would be that you don't buy it at the silly full price, but get it in a sale, get yourself a nice house with a balcony, a bottle of Surlie Bros wine, stick your feet up and enjoy sunset over Solitude.

It was good while it lasted
I'm sorry, but there isn't anything for me to say that hasn't already been said in the past 7-8 years this game has been out. I mean no one is even gonna see these reviews anyways since everyone knows what Skyrim is. If you haven't played this game I genuinely feel bad for you. Skyrim is Legendary.
Hey you, you're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that Imperial ambush, same as us, and that thief over there.
It's taken some time but the Special Edition holds up to its own in terms of modding potential, graphics and ported mod compatibility. However, a truly extensive modded setup may require more skill and digging than what was needed for oldrim, especially for mods requiring updated .dll files and skse mods that require a file check that is often broken due to creation club updates. The work around is to just keep a backup of a working launch file version. Many classic bugs from oldrim have been fixed, although some new but hardly game breaking bugs have been introduced. The performance is across the board better with the new 64bit coding and extended graphics capability. 

I wholeheartedly recommended the special edition experience!
What can I say about The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim?

Open world, multiple choice, customization, sword and shield, magic, stealth, dragons....

You will lose yourself in this world full of life and not mind one bit. This is my one game I always have installed. I always return to it, no matter how old it gets. The only reason I have this few hours on it, is because I spent the first 5 years playing it on Xbox.

You cannot go wrong with Skyrim, just don't get hit by a giant and you'll be fine.
I have played hundreds of hours (on other platforms, obviously) and have to come to this conclusion: this is one of the best games ever made. Period. I may not play it as much, but when I think of the memories I smile. To this day I still discover new things. If you don't play this game, you're missing out on one of the most important games of the last 10 years. Play this game.
There's little in the way of actual RPG mechanics but if you're a fan of exploration/action based titles I would give this game a go. It's good fun and there's plenty of content to dig in to.
I was chosen to be the Dragonborn.
I found a random house.
Got a random quest.
Got more quests.
Killed fake ass dragonborn.
Was a thief.
Was an archer.
Was a light armor expert.
Was a heavy armor expert.
Was one and two handed maniac.
Was a khajiit.
Was a werewolf.
Was a vampire.
Did every achievement.
Downloaded mods.
Served evil.
And after almost 100 hours, I completed the final dragonborn quest.
10/10 would start over just to play the same thing again
mod downloading is easier if you don't really like the nexus and i know the workshop is gone but it truly works out i promise also the game is a lot more bootiful than the original i recommend and i'm ready to spend many more hours on this
The Creation Club is a complete lack of respect with Bethesda's customers.
Want to charge for mods? Release your games in a way that doesn't required hundreds of hours of work from modders to fix all the broken crap you left in the "finished game".

Bethesda is a joke.
"We have retracted our paid mod programme and do not plan to reintroduce this system again, as it was heavily disliked by both users and creators alike. We at Bethesda apologise" (skyrim paid mods 2015)

Liars

#CreationClubUpdateisComing
#NoToCreationClub
Regarding the actual game: very good game, but do yourself a favor and mod it.

Now the rant part
Bethesda Softworks over the last 3-5 years or so:

- Paid mods attempt no.1: failed horribly;
- Skyrim SE released, hiding the regular Skyrim from the Steam store (regular version has more mods, better mods, better mod compatibilty);
- Fallout New Vegas RU: apparently Bethesda considers the entire Central and Eastern Europe to be Russia now;
- Creation Club: aka Paid Mods attempt no.2. Yes, they claim they are mini-DLCs, but come on...fuc-king skins and microtransactions. The Nexus and the steam workshop are already filled with this kind of mods, even better ones;
- Skyrim Survival mode: You can get Frostfall and INeed/Realistic Needs and diseases for free on the Nexus, you know ? Also, they are more customisable and let's not forget that survival mode for Fallout 4 was free, just as the hardcore mode for New Vegas (Obsidian really raised the bar and you hate it Bethesda, don't you ?).
- Fallout 76, enough said..
- Selling nylon bags for ludicrous prices and scamming their customers.
- Major leakage of customer's personal info.

What the f*ck Bethesda ? We know you want money, but come on...
Just stop...publishers like you ruin gaming.

Sincerely, 
An old fan of Bethesda Game Studios games
Bethesda being Bethesda.
ZERO RESPECT given to the community, mostly modders.

This is what happened:

1) They make a VERY good game, which is called Skyrim - it had some terrible bugs, which were all fixed by some unofficial patches, all FOR FREE, done by people that LOVE(D) the game!!!!!
It was not Bethesda that fixed the bugs (some game breaking), it was not Skyrim Special Edition. It was a whole bunch of good willed folks, a great community;
2) Community works FOR FREE to add THOUSANDS of mods that make the game a masterpiece, each player being able to tailor the game exactly to their likings - more animals, more sounds, more quests, bug fixes, more items, ANYTHING you could dream of was available FOR FREE, or you could just make it yourself, due to great community engagement and tools;
3) The game sells even more A LOT DUE the great modding community;
4) Instead of praising and endorsing the BEST free modding community, they SPIT ON THEIR FACES, THEIR WORK and try to CASHCOW as much as they can with this so called "Creation Club";

What they did:

1) Add Paid mods, which are somewhat rip-offs of already available mods;
2) They disable achievements if you enable "community made mods" - "oh, who cares about achievements?" Some people actually do!!!!  
3) Start to add some medium quality mods and try to boost their new "great safe system" called Creations Club;

Really??
BIG thumbs down!!!

PS: I have around 150 hours played in "old" skyrim (non-SE), all played with great mods, made for FREE by a great community!!!

SHOW SOME RESPECT TO THOSE THAT HELPED YOU RISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RESPECT YOUR MODDERS!
RESPECT YOUR COMMUNITY!!
RESPECT YOUR CUSTOMERS!!
The old game is now hidden from sale, making it much more difficult to buy the original game. You know, the one with all the mods, a still thriving community, and also runs better on older hardware.
Fuck off.
The link to the original version of skyrim, if you want it, is here http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
lol they did a scumbag move and hid the original from the steam store and isnt on sale
http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
Play skyrim, like the mods

Bethesda: "HELLO FELLOW GAMERS I SEE YOU LIKE MODS, WAND TO BUY THESE MODS THAT FELL OFF THE BACK OF A TRUCK?"

the internet: No those are ether stolen or can already be gotten for free.

Bethesda:" OH SORRY HERE HAVE A FREE GRAPHICAL OVERHAUL THAT BREAKS THE MODS YOU LIKE"

the internet: but we already got better graphics on our own and now the SE is broke

Bethesda: "TOO BAD; ITS NOW THE ONLY ONE THE WHINY KIDS CAN BUY,  BETTER SUPPORT IT!"

later

Bethesda:"OH HEY THE MODDING SCENE SEEMS KINDA DEAD, NOW WANA BUY SOME MODS?"

Me: nope

If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck its probably a duck. Paid mods are anti consumer, micro-transactions are anti consumer, digital fake currency is anti consumer.  Is it any surprise the average consumer response is massively negative?

Don't buy it so long as CC exists.
Employee: "Hey Todd we're gonna focus all our efforts on the next Elder Scrolls game, right?"
Todd: "You bet!"
Employee: "Awesome, any idea where we should set the new one?"
Todd: "Actually, I was thinking a remaster was in order to hold the fans over."
Employee: "Oh, alright...Morrowind? Oblivion maybe?"
Todd: "Nah those would cost money and effort and fans actually want those. Lets do Skyrim. And add some paid mods into it too so we can milk poor ignorant bastards for as much money as possible."
Employee: "....we'll at least make sure they're quality paid mods right? Creative and new?"
Todd: "Of course not! Get them out as fast as possible, and be sure that they are buggy, and carbon copies of mods that ARE FREE"

EDIT: Skyrim is still an overall great game, but Bethesda needs to stop this. There is overwhelming community outrage and they don't listen. What does that say about their company? Not to mention that this shitty business model could grow into something worse in the feature. If you've looked into creation club at all, you'd also see the scams (such as the "zombie" one) and the plague of false advertising and price gouging with all this. It's anti-consumer, and anti-productive. And don't say "just ignore it" because that's stupid. Why would I ignore a shitty business practice and ridiculous system. You can't expect me or anyone sensible to ignore shit like 4 dollar weapons. I love Skyrim, hence the reason I'm speaking out against this shitty system in one of my favorite games.
P.S. I got SKSE bc it was on sale, and normal Skyrim wasn't. 20$ and all DLC vs 40$ something is obvious. However, I still didn't see the point in this remaster.
Bethesda is hiding the original version, heres the link to the one you should buy.

http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
Stop breaking mods such as SKSE by releasing 'Updates' that are just paid mods nobody cares about.  Why don't you actually release an update to improve preformance or fix some of the MANY bugs in this game instead?
Why is the original Skyrim hidden from the store? Here it is. steam://openurl/http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
Bethesdanet is shoved into this aswell as FO4. Bethesdanet sucks. Just wait for the original to go on sale. Or just buy a better game.
The original Skyrim is being hidden in the steam store by besthesda. Find it here: http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
Doesn't fix bugs that have been in scene release of standard edition in 2012 but apparently they will update regularly with more paid mods and break SKSE.
BUY THE ORIGINAL VERSION INSTEAD IF YOU PLAN TO USE ANY MODS WHATSOEVER. It's cheaper, it has way more mod-support and it wont be defiled by bEthesdA's latest shitshow that is the Creation Club. Which probably is the reason its hidden from the storefront and only accessible via direct link :

EDIT : Oldrim is NOT cheaper, the 14,99€ pricetag apparently does NOT include the DLC's, which is fucking ridiculous.

http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/


Show bEthesdA that you dont agreed with their disgusting attempts to milk you on your hard earned money,
Paid mods are unnacceptable, now and forever. 

Bethesda has removed the orginial Skyrim from search results but it is still sold on Steam: 

http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/

Don't support paid mods (but consider supporting mod authors with optional donations). 1000's of FREE MODS are available at the Nexus, for both versions of Skyrim.
Good game, but seriously don't buy anything from Bethesda until the Creaton Club is shut down. Microtransactions added to any single player game, especially one that's 6 years old, are absolutely unacceptable.
Buy the orginal.
You can download a ENB so it looks even better than this, and SKSE isn't even available for the SE edition.
Oh, and they didn't fix any bugs.
An graphically improved version of the original game. Better textures, better lights and better depth of field and way lesser mods, that's all.
All the bugs of the original game can still be found in the "Special Edition" as well as the bad AI, bad animations and bad models.

There is really no reason to prefer this version over the original one. Especially since most modders do the same and therefore, not all mods will be migrated to the "Special Edition". Also it doesn't support Steam Workshop and instead uses a mod manager by Bethesda, that forces you to be connected to Bethesda.net. And this version costs 20$ more.

Btw. since Bethesda deleted the original game from the seach function, you can ONLY visit the original games shop side by a link. http://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/ There you go.
Creation club is cancer, despite my love for this game their clear disrespect to the modders who FIXED THEIR BROKEN GAME is insane.  You literally need a massive mod just to fix all the glitches that they never bothered to deal with but somehow found the time to create a payment platform for these very mods.  Please don't support this.
No script extender, and hid the original from search results? Bethesda you're really becoming a real piece of shit, you know that?

Edit: Review is staying due to Creation Club + triggered level 0 fanbois
Looks like Bethesda will never get this paid-mods-idea off their mind.

The Dwemr extinct becuase of their ever lasing greed for forbinden knowledge and god-like power. Seems Bethesda will lose all its precious user because of its ever lasing greed for money.
"Greedesda" can't even have their game to work correctly, and instead of fixing bugs, adds paid mods, they never learn it seems...

https://www.polygon.com/2015/4/27/8505513/bethesda-skyrim-paid-mods-valve-steam

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3wbvkrcJQM

https://www.oneangrygamer.net/2017/09/pete-hines-response-to-fans-mad-over-creation-club-stirs-more-controversy/38778/
Recieved free for owning the Legendary Edition.

It's great. Better than Fallout 4 in terms of quests. Skyrim actually has some interesting side quests unlike Fallout 4 MMO style, and even less of them, radiant just makes it look like there is more, but it's not the case. 

Gameplay is nice, variety of combat styles, mix and match. I enjoy magic gameplay the most, then the stealth, assassin type build. The level up system is pretty dull, level up skills as you play, sounds good, but it can get boring at higher levels. Some perks are okay, but i like the look of the perk menu.

Atmosphere, exploring the open world of Skyrim, combined with the good soundtracks, makes it feel really great. If you're big into role-playing, can get really immersed.

DLC's are great. What's more badass than fighting another Dragonborn. DLC itself adds a new location of Solstheim, brings back the Morrowind feels ❤. New weapons, armor, the badass Dragon Aspect shout, such that. Dawnguard was okay, Serana is a great companion and the Vampire Lord ability is awesome. Hearthfire is just building.

It's all great. Great game, good DLC's, a lot of content. Then there's the mods!

Speaking of the Special Edition itself, it does look better, but it's Fallout 4 optimization all over again. Unfortunately, and, unsurprisingly, nothing was fixed by Bethesda, just made it look better and that's it. The great thing is the 64-bit engine. Runs great with a lot of mods, no crashes, and even if Skyrim Legendary has way more mods, Special Edition has a pretty good amount of mods that do the job. Only negative at the moment is the SKSE64 still in Alpha, hopefully it gets fully released sometime, a lot of potential for mods and 64-bit.


Due to how Bethesda is doing things now with Skyrim and Fallout 4, I will not recommend this. Game itself is great, but Creation Club is just.... shouldn't exist. They look so stupid saying it's not paid mods when it's just that. The prices are just ridiciolous. Paying for Survival Mode? Are you kidding?. Nexus mods are still there, better, FREE mods. No one has to use Creation Club, there are mods that remove it entierly, greatly recommended to get them! 

What the hell are you doing Bethesda?
Not worth paying a new game price for this one without the mods that the orignal has.
Also...Creation Club...credits...how's this different from the paid mods debacle?
Glad I got it free, wouldn't waste the cash otherwise.
Also didn't bother fixing the bugs?  
Thanks to the UESP guys for doing this in place of Bethesda.
Even the survival mode mod...not original Bethesda, you just hijacked mods created by community and now selling it., tsk, tsk.
[h1] Short Review [/h1]

Bethesda, why do you hurt me like this? I would leave a mixed review but since that is not an option, then negative review it is. They ruined most of the best mods, took out the base version of the game from Steam and then opened the Creation Club so that they could sell mods, how greedy can you get Bethesda? I recommend this game to people who never played Skyrim or those that don't care about mods too much.

It is still a good game and you can definitely grab it and have an amazing time playing it, I just don't agree with the approach they took. Yeah, some improvements were made but they also diminished what make the game even greater and that is the mods. They could have easily just left both versions in the store but nope, they needed to put out the base version so that people would pay for mods, which should be free by the way.
I'd recommend the game if it wasn't a minefield of bugs but even with the ~special edition~ and all the fan patches it can still somehow decide to do things like permanently break the audio if you don't have it stored on the C drive.
It also doesn't properly lock the cursor to itself and stops a lot of standard windows shortcuts working I've never seen any other game break.
I can´t recommend anything Bethesda produces anymore.

I can´t grasp how such a great company turned so shit in such a short while.

Got several of the most famous rpg franchies with a strong mod community what do they do.
- They shit on the fans (Fallout 76)
- They shit on modders who want to create a multiplayer experience of Skyrim. I guess they would lose sales on Elder scrolls online but imagine how many sales Skyrim would get when one of their friends wants to play but both don´t own the game. Not only that but there are so many other mods for this game that I can´t understand why they would do this. 
- They try to hussle fans again and again.

I am genuinly sad to see how shitty Bethesda has gotten in the last year. I hope they will make a change for the better but tbh I doubt it.
Buggy as hell ..Skyrim scrpit extender doesn't work properly. I crashed many time. I don't recommend this trash. Buy the original if you like using mods.

filled with bugs and time consuming you sometimes can't load saves and they are gone for good you start a new game npcs have a hard time following you you can't give the letter to camila for example bcs it doesn't allow you to interract with camila she just says yes but you can't interract you can't get the main quest from gerthur she gives you the key to her house and then she says there's something you can do that's it she doesn't give you the main quest I end up spending time in this game far more than it should bcz of annoying things like when I started the game the horse is right next to me as I am making my character or my dark brotherhood helmet doesn't show up don't waste your money on a game if the devs don't fix issues and use an anciently old game engine
Don't buy this version. It fails to run constantly. In the two years since I bought it, I've had the luck of playing it for an hour and a half.

Buy the original and mod it instead of buying this version.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
The normal Skyrim edition (Oldrim) brought me many hours of joy. The Special edition brought me paid mods, microtransactions and the need to get another f***ing launcher in order to use the ck. If you want to play Skyrim, play the non Special edition. Its awesome, and works very well without all of this money grabbing, launcher and data-collecting stuff,  which will hopefully not find it's way into the next elder scrolls (although I doubt it).
Sucks that you have to be limited at 60 fps, and when you try playing at a higher fps the game breaks.  Not sure how hard it can be to make a simple patch to allow higher fps on a higher hz monitor...
13 hours, 13 hours of research and trial and error. 13 hours of suffering. 13 hours of my life wasted. System meets requirements. No mods. Brand new game. Forums upon forums reditts upon reditts and ive yet to even see the grass or even get to the execution. SMH PATHETIC.
CC registration on non-US keyboard impossible

Special Edition = Castrated left and right, 
What ... the ... ♥♥♥♥, Bethesda?! How colossally incompetent can a single studio be?
Outright disable Windows key, completely highjack or prohibit Alt and Alt Gr keys, override Numlock, make Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V unavailable …
Hint: Not everybody plays with a US English keyboard layout! The @ key is in other places on other layouts!

READ THIS, YOU MORONS: I CANNOT EVEN CREATE AN ACCOUNT IN YOUR IDIOTIC CLUB BECAUSE I CANNOT TYPE THE @ SYMBOL IN ANY (STOCK) WAY!
Even if I wanted to throw more money down your throats for whatever might strike my fancy in your CC, I can't do it! I can't switch keyboard layouts to one where the symbol is just a simple, non-modified keypress (and no, switching layouts before launching SSE does not help, it returns to what it was installed on), I can't use Alt+number keys to get the character that way because SSE interprets the keypresses as Home, End, etc. instead of their numerical mapping (yes, my NumLock is active), I can't copy and paste it into the e-mail field, not even AutoHotkey works …

Seriously, did your entire QA department hit their heads on the doorframe that day?

♥♥♥♥ YOU, BETHESDA, HAVE TWO MASSIVE MIDDLE FINGERS! GO SHOVE YOUR CREPUSCULAR RAYS UP YOUR INCOMPETENT ARSES!!
Don't bother. Bethesda is the worst company. Try to mod this game and it crashes. Spent 2 weeks trying all kinds of things to get it to run just to make it look like the SE should've looked like. absolute worst game.....
the real question is when bethesda will stop reselling skyrim like cmon now just make a new one 










and please no more of this nonsense which happened with fallout 76 because that was a disaster
Bad review because they charge for player mods. You killed your community and I will never buy a game from this scamming developer!!

HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS!
