This is the first game created by Gearbox - the legendary developers behind Borderlands and Brothers in Arms. 

Opposing Forces is the first expansion to Half Life. Released in 1999, exactly a year after the original game.

Personally i like it just as much as the original Half Life, and in my book, original Half Life is in top 10.

It consists of 12 chapters, but don't let that fool you cause it's not nearly as long as the original Half Life. 6 hours is as much as you can get from it.

That said, the game has it's own identity. For example, just like any half life game, this one has a tutorial. Gearbox decided to have a bit of fun with it, since you start out in the boot camp.

It's a typical training mission, but a nicely done training mission. Had a lot of army stereotypes and FMJ references.

Unlike Blue Shift (2nd expansion), this game actually tried to add some things of its own.

[list]
    [*]Night vision googles instead of the flashlight.
    [*]Sniper instead of the crossbow.
    [*]Pistol with a laser pointer instead of the revolver.
    [*]Wrench and a knife instead of the crowbar
    [*]2 new alien weapons - one is like a bazooka, the other has infinite ammo (shoots lightning balls).
[*]Instead of long jumps, your protagonist climbs on ropes.
[*]1 new Black Mesa prototype weapon, that teleports you to Xen. The location you get teleported in generally have a lot of loot.
[*]1 completely new weapon, not just an alternative model - a machine gun (M249 SAW).
[*]There are new alien types as well.
[/list]

Also, throughout the game, you will encounter your comrades, the most important ones are medic and engineer. Medic can patch you up, while the engineer can drill through doors.

As for the story, neither Blue Shirt nor Opposing Forces are canon. That said, Opposing Forces has a lot of cameos. I personally wouldn't have minded to have it in the official lore.

Deep inside it's still the same game, but at least they tried to add a few things here and there. Like i said, it has it's own identity.

I highly recommend it.
Neat little expansion pack. The story follows one of the marines who were trying to kill Freeman in Half-Life but apparently all the bloodthirsty ones were in another squad. At various points Shephard, the protagonist in OpForce, temporarily links up with other marines and they frequently quip, "Government cover-ups were not in my job description" and they don't seem too happy about shooting up all the scientists. My favorite part was a funny little alien rocket / grenade (alternate fire) launcher you pick up midway through. 

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=942191660

[spoiler]I don't know if there was just some glitch for me but the ending might be more horrifying than intended. Unlike with Freeman, G-Man doesn't offer Shephard an employment opportunity and only says he's going to put him somewhere he can do no harm but also no harm will come to him. Then the credits roll, the file says you have been Detained, and the screen goes black. But after the credits finish you can still see the HUD with your health/armor and you can still jump even though it's just a black screen. I only knew I was jumping because he still makes noise when he lands on the ground. Judging from footstep noise you can't move in any other direction either. What a fate. Trapped in a box in pitch darkness forever.[/spoiler]
Making an expansion pack to Half Life was no small task. But Gearbox was more than willing to set the bar.

Opposing Force is fundamentally a similar experience to Half Life 1. But it expanded on it's core foundation in numerous ways. There are new actually interesting weapons, friendly squad members who serve different non-combat roles and a few other things.

But what Opposing Force does well is it continues the legacy left by Half Life 1. It has consistantly good pacing and like Half Life dynamically goes from low-key puzzle segments to high octane action horror. It's just so much fun to play it's an actual challenge for me to pick between playing either Half Life or Opposing Force. Since both games compliment each other so well.

If you like Valve games, or even first person shooters. You owe it to yourself to play Opposing Force. It is one of those games that you just can't stop playing.
[h1]TL:DR? See Conclusion[/h1]

[h1]NOTE:[/h1]
Also see my: 
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/70/] Half Life (1) Review[/url] 
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/220]Half-Life 2 Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/130]Half-Life: Blue Shift Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/362890?tscn=1431108183]Black Mesa Review[/url]

[h1]INTRODUCTION:[/h1]
Half-Life: Opposing Force (also known as Government Cover-up Simulator 1999 or Call of Half-Life: Black Mesa Warfare) is a first-person action shooter game that serves as the first expansion to the critically acclaimed and award-winning Half-Life by Valve. Unlike Half-Life however, this title was made by Valve alongside Gearbox Software. Interestingly, unlike Half-Life, the player will see the Black Mesa incident through the eyes of a U.S. Marine(the Military enemies in the first game).

[h1]PLOT (No Spoilers)[/h1]
The player takes the role of Commander…(I mean)…Corporal Shephard, a U.S. Marine with the Hazardous Environment Combat Unit who were sent to the Black Mesa Complex for an unknown operation. While en route inside an Osprey to the Complex, Shephard and his team are attacked by Xen air-borne units forcing the Osprey to crash knocking him out. Follow Shephard in his trek across the massive Black Mesa Complex in an attempt to escape while uncovering a government cover-up that would pitch Shephard against U.S. Black Operations Units, Xen forces, and a new alien threat called Race X.

[h1]PROS:[/h1]
+ New enemy types with unique abilities and weapons (instead of just rehashing the materials of the main game)
+ Fun and interesting new weapons such as the Displacer Cannon and Shock Roach
+ Well made action-packed story which shows players a different side of the Black Mesa Incident
+ Introduction of new game mechanics such as Rope Climbing, Secondary heavy melee attacks, Grappling hooks (Barnacle hook?), Night vision and Portal guns that send you (or your target) to another dimension (See Displacer Cannon above)
+ Possibly the first FPS game to implement a Military Squad game mechanic
+ Entertaining Tutorial with cultural references
+ Story intersects with some important Half-Life 1 events
+ Good voice acting for its time
+ Andrian Shephard is possibly a descendant of Jack (protagonist of Bioshock) due to his uncanny ability to wield a Wrench in battle against Black Ops Soldiers and Aliens.

[h1]CONS:[/h1]
- Relatively short game with me clocking around 5 hours of game time on hard mode.
- New squad mechanics is clunky (I can actually forgive this since it’s possibly the first squad mechanic on an FPS game)
- Puzzles are not that satisfying to solve
- Final chapter leading to the final boss feels rushed and underdeveloped
- Unsatisfying and easy final boss

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
GREAT EXPANSION that I HIGHLY RECOMMENDED specially for those who played the first Half-Life game and I say this because it is littered with several subtle nods from the main game.  

[h1]WORTH IT?[/h1]
MUST BUY AND MUST HAVE.  I, however, do recommend you purchase the Half-Life Anthology if you already have Half-Life 2 but if you do not have it, get Half-Life Complete.

[h1]FINAL NOTES:[/h1]
Opposing Force is a good example on how to make an expansion; it introduces new game mechanics, new enemies, new weapons and all the while delivering a new story that still being closely related to the main Half-Life plot.

--------------------------------------------------------- 
[h1]Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:[/h1]

[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/]Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)[/url]
Oh man, oh man, oh man.
 I was both curious and a little worried after HL - how can a totally new person (Shephard corporal) lead the story, and how will the story go on without Gordon Freeman. As I mentioned in my HL review, I wasn't too happy with Half Life's pacing - the environmental changes that were supposed to delay you were all too random-like - it was just obvious that game mechanics with the sole purpose of slowing you down. It was really unreal. Similarly, it kind of bothered me that even though Gordon IS the archetype of the clever protagonist, the man of science who rises and fights back - it's just surreal that every other scientist is older than him, and can't protect themselves at all. Hell, Gordon was more capable of fighting than the guards, employed by Black Mesa.

So, back to Opposing Force. You play with a soldier (not a bad guy, you don't need to kill scientists if you don't want to) , and your standard gear will be a Deser Eagle and a combat knife - I really liked how realistic this part is compared to Gordon's. The story and the character harmonizes, your character, and even HIS ACTIONS have their part and place in the story. Additionally, claimed by wiki it's his training, Shephard can climb ropes, which is an intresting mechanic in the game, and opens new dimensions in movement and game variety. 

And at this point I still have 3 great things to say about the game, but they are kind of interlope - 
first of all, the game introduces numerous new weapons - M249 (brutal machinegun), Displacer Cannon, Sniper rifle, the already mentioned Deser Eagle and then - New alien weapons! The rocket-launcher-like Spore Gun, the Shock Roach (my favourite) and the Barnacle Grapple.

Second great thing is partly about Barnacle Grapple - it can be used as a good-ish melee weapon, but it's main usage is just crazy - it can stick to any organic surface, including some pods on the walls, that appeared along with the alien invasion.  You have a grapple that can be used to close distances and move around some parts of the map - it's just brilliant. 
The Second Great Thing is the creativity of level design. FINALLY the expansion, while being shorter than the base game, uses it's features much more frequently, while inserting these into the game almost flawlessly. There are not only  "push the box 3 metres to the right to jump" parts, there is a part when the same box needed to be used 3 times! I guess this is because they knew that after playing the base game, the player will know that they can be moved, and as s/he's accustomed with the feature, can use it in a more varied way.

And the third great things is the overall game integrity. It's good, in my opinion way better than the base game was.  There is way less button pressing - once you need to free a medic to take care of the engineer, who can afterwards open a door with a flame cutter. Much intresting than pressing two buttons, isn't it?  Most blockades during the game are legit - a huge worm or pillars of flame in the waste burner(?). Things that delay your progress won't just randomly happen, but your way goes through paths where they delaying elements DO exist, making - at least in my eye - Opposing Force a much more immersive game then the original story.

(On the sidenote - bossfight was less monumental, but far less frustrating than repeadly missing jumps in the shower of electric discharges of Nihilanth)

I won't throw numbers around, but while I felt Half-Life was fun/good,  I *loved* Opposing Force. I wholeheartedly recommend this purchase if you enjoyed the base game, and you're intrested in the expanded story.
Another expansion pack for the original HL, this time giving us a look into the "enemy side" and the way that the events of Black Mesa affected the Marine Corps called to "contain" the situation. The main character Corporal Adrian Sherpard is brought into the facility but things dont go like planned and all hell is broken loose.
Another short game that complements the original story of Gordon Freeman, but the ending of this game leads me to believe that we might see more of this character in future installements of HL, so it might not be just an expansion pack game.

9/10.
This game is an endless classic addition to the base Half-Life universe, a nice continuation of the feel of the original game that no fan should be without.
Imagine Hunt Down the Freeman, except: 
It stays in one location and time period
Your character isn’t an edgy fanfic Snake Nukem 
The weapons aren’t stolen from the gmod workshop and forced into the game 
It costs less than Black Mesa
The atmosphere and level design is only flawed from age 
The boss is actually a boss, not a left 4 dead finale 
You’re not hunting down Freeman 
It’s actually a great game 
The assets are all from the correct game and fit the level designs 
Keemstar isn’t the president 
Pyrocynical and IHE weren’t misled to do voice acting for people who aren’t british 
The game has a story 
There’s no half done sfm cutscenes 
It’s not Hunt Down The Freeman



Also there’s a big belt fed machinegun so powerful it pushes you back when it’s fired 
10/10
1999 = 9 hour campaign + New weapons + New enemies + new maps +new multiplayer + new graphics + new soundtrack 

= £19


2017 = 30 minutes + £3.99 per a weapon + reused assets + £3.99 for 3 new maps + No new grapihcs + reused soundtrack

= £215


If you liked Half-Life, this is more of the same except better, with more guns and enemies, higher quality levels. and a campaign that is pretty much equal in length. Also the multiplayer has a lot of cool gamemodes that Half-Life doesn't. 

Worth buying, especially right now (November 22nd 2016) because it's 99 cents.
Nostalgia!

This Half Life expansion takes a different spin. Instead of playing a Black Mesa personal you are Corporal Adrian Shepard and you are task to hunt down Gordon Freeman and terminate him. You think it would be easy, instead just like the Black Mesa personal you are thrown into the chaos that is wrecking havoc all across the facility and just like everyone else. You must fight your way through the facility and survive. 

This game adds a lit bit of something new to the game. Not only new alien species. But also team effort. Your AI squad mates that are dotted throughout the huge complex. Be warn however there are some instances that they MUST SURVIVE if they die then you will have to start all over again from where you last save. So keep them alive and work with them.

This game adds more puzzle and more exploration to the huge facility which is always nice. The only minor complaint is the senstivity in some cases it can get really annoying or dizzy when doing these physical puzzles (jump, crouch jump) those sort of puzzles. Unlike in the previous games where the looking senstivity and what not seems more slower. So beware of that.

If you are a Half Life fan and want a taste of of military action. Half Life style. This game is recommended
Opposing Force is the first expansion pack for the five star new standard bearer FPS Half Life 1. The bottom line is this is a great expansion pack.

You are a marine, Corporal Adrian Shepard sent into the Black Mesa facility after Half Life 1's protagonist Gordon Freeman uh accidentally created a rift in space / time and brought aliens in. Everyone talks to you in the game without cut scenes.

When you start the game, Gordon in Half Life 1 is still there and your mission goes from being sent to kill him to fighting for your own survival. You visit portions of the first game yet changed, such as you will visit some of the entry tunnel from the first segment of Half Life 1. You will visit the dam from the original game. Everything changed with new challenges in each. There are plenty of puzzles some are different than the original game and others are more complex. Such as instead of having to use a push box once, you need to use it 3x pushing it from room to room.

I'd say those old environments (destroyed with new challenges) are maybe 1/100th of the map content. The new environments feel fresh and they use a lot of lighting to make it look different. It feels fresh because the other universe is starting to be integrated into our own universe through the aliens making it and because Black Mesa had creature exhibits. There are new textures, you'll go through vine covered sewers where giant fat aliens have their nests.

There are also new gameplay elements that you will be introduced to in an optional training course. The training course is a very nice tutorial that will show you everything new such as ropes to climb and swing on. It's a very nice mechanic. The flashlight has been replaced by night vision goggles which are very nice. You also have new squad mates to find in the game that will aide you like the medic who can heal you on command, the engineer who will blow torch his way through some doors and your standard commandos. Each of these three will fight intelligently and won't just stand around getting shot. They will defend the territory if you command them to stand there.

That's another thing the enemy and friendly AI is great as always from the game. AI will run from grenades, throw their own grenades, flank you, run from your fire and other things. It's very nice.

There are a lot of new weapons. I was surprised. You start with new melee weapons, a new pistol with an optional laser sight, a new sniper rifle that can be quite useful, new alien technology (if you don't want to hear just skip to the next paragraph), such as an electrical gun, a cannon that looks like a BFG from Doom (only more awesome), an acid spitting alien, and a ceiling grabber (yes the enemy) that can be used as a hook shot!

All the old enemies are here too... but there are a lot of new enemies too (if you don't want it spoiled, skip on!), the new enemies seem to be faster and more dangerous. From waist high creatures that run to you, to taller electric shooting aliens controlled by ant like parasites, giant fat electrical discharging enemies... and their offspring, the list goes on, but you'll be surprised at some of the things the expansion comes up with.

With a 5+ hour play through the first time, I do wish it was a bit longer so they could divvy out the enemies a bit slower. But hey it's an expansion pack. The graphics are not improved and they still have bugs like getting stuck in the floor of elevators and lifts, but all of that can be overlooked. A lot has been added to make this expansion worth anyone's time. Great expansion pack!
Definitely the best of Half-Life expansion packs, but this game is HARD. This game on the easiest difficulty is harder than Half-Life on the hardest difficulty. Be prepared for that. But it's certinaly manageable on the easiest difficulty and worth the play because like most expansion packs from the 90's, this game is SUPER creative with the concept at hand. It introduces creative new weapons (You can use the ceiling-tenticles as kind of a grappling hook!), creative new enemies, and it even introduces a new gameplay mechanic; climbing ropes, and it was handled fairly well too. The level design is also a little different from Half-Life's. You're still in Black Mesa, but the game throws totally new areas your way that you wouldn't expect to see in Half-Life. The new monster designs aren't quite as well done as Half-Life's (a lot more cartoony in Opposing Force), but they're still neat and creative. Definitely worth a try.
An mazing expansion of Half-Life and my favourite one from the entire Half-Life 1 Anthology. For some reason i enjoyed it more even than the original Half-Life. A great opportunity to experience the military specialist's side of the story. Brand new weapons and a lot of new freaking aliens, also you get to use nightvision instead of the flashlight which is kinda cool, not even mentioning the new weapon that creates teleports to Zen, a different one for every location in the game where you use it. A great game with a captivant story. Definitely a must buy!
Where Blue Shift failed, this expansion succeeds. Gearbox did an excellent job with this one, with a ton of great new weapons and great new enemies to face. Once you're done with Half-Life 1, you've GOT to play this.
Opposing Force is a great example why I will always prefer the expansion pack method of adding content to a game over DLC or micro transactions. This game is arguably even better than the original Half-Life in a lot of aspects and in any discussion about Half-Life you will have people who will list this as their all time favorite Half-Life game. It's for a good reason obviously considering how much the game expands upon the formula and mechanics of the first Half-Life. 

The game introduces a ton of new content in all aspects. You have a new alien faction known as "race-x" that ramps up the difficulty and challenge in the game a ton and in general this game is quite a bit harder than the original Half-Life so I recommend playing it AFTER you complete the original Half-Life, while the game starts out with just normal Xen enemies once the race-x dudes start showing up you are going to realize how dangerous things have gotten when your trapped in a sewer with the big race-x dudes who shoot giant fucking death balls at you that can kill instantly if you are in the direct way of the ball. The game also expands upon the "black-ops" by making them a separate faction from HECU and adding appropriate units to replace what would be marine enemies in the original Half-Life. There is also a great number of more companians available to the player including medic's which in addition to being capable of firing back at the enemy also can heal the player and other friendly units, you have engineers who can cut through doors with their blow torch, and of course just normal grunts who dont have any special ability's per say but usually come with a pretty good weapon like a shotgun or assault rifle. You also have a new security guard in addition to your normal Barney's who's called "Otis" and he is a pretty amusing and interesting character to have and, again, spices up the content by adding more variety. 

The arsenal the player is capable of carrying has been drastically expanded upon including two different melee weapons in place of half-life 1's single melee weapon and multiple alien and experimental weapons. A big stand out to me was the teleporter gun which can one hit "kill" an enemy by essentially teleporting him to a random location presumably somewhere in Xen, but the secondary fire will teleport you yourself to a random location in Xen that can only be accessed in that way and often contains many resources and a teleport on the other side which will get you back into black mesa at a fixed position that is usually later in the level, which is interesting because it essentially allows you to skip whole parts of levels as long as you have the ammo to utilize the alt-fire. There is also a barnacle weapon which the player can use to grapple across gaps and walls at points as well as latch on to enemies and pull it into its maw which the barnacle will proceed to devour, really creative and diverse weapons loadout for sure. 

The story adds a lot of interesting new lore to the Half-Life story besides just a new alien race by clarifying on the relationship between the soldiers and the black-ops and a pretty disturbing plot point of what happens to the marines who fail to evacuate or are left behind after the order to pull out comes out. It also expands on the character of the G-man giving new insight into his "personality" and actions as well as expanding on the ending to half-life by showing what happens to black mesa itself after everything is said and done. 

The multiplayer has also been expanded upon with many maps and game-modes that the original Half-Life simply does not have. 

The only bad part of playing this thing is after playing such an awesome game your going to be tempted to recall the current state of gearbox software and feel a bit of despair at the whole thing. Its like if somebody who you like and highly respected joined a skinhead gang, became a gay prostitute and contracted aids and than went around snorting cocaine and beating up homeless people and stray dogs and puppy's before shooting up an old folks home before blowing himself up and screaming "hail Satan" as his last words. Maybe a bit dramatic but seriously dude, what a fall from grace.
After 20k hours (might include just few afk hours...) , lemme just say that this game is nice.  I might need more hours for more in depth review.

OldFartsClub!
Opposing force is my favourite out of all the add ons. Blue shift was ok at most, because theres no new weapons, or enemies, and worst of all, you cant use HEV suit chargers. Opposing force however, plays the role of the soldiers that swear every five seconds. Theres new weapons, and not a single crowbar in site. You can also create a time paradox, which is pretty interesting. The Race X creatures are way better than a tiny headcrabs, and the gene worm is a lot more menacing than a Gargantua, or the Nihilanth (mind you you get to blow up a gargantua) and a PCV suit instead of an HEV suit or an armour vest. You can also interact with other soldiers, and make tiny crews. One of my favourite games, and one of the best games out there. 10/10 would die from Shock troopers again
You know that this contribution to the Half-Life legacy isn't gonna be TOO serious when your opening cut scene features a military dude doing an R. Lee Ermey impersonation, right before he gets unceremoniously sucked out of an airplane.  It IS official Valve product, though, so while it's one of the "lighter" - and arguably less "essential" - forays into the Half-Life universe, it's still a very high-quality product by the standards of not only first-person shooters, but indeed video games as a whole.  Sure it's dated more than a tad - especially graphics and sound-wise - but the gameplay is still very much there, and the story ain't half-bad neither.  The word "solid" definitely comes to mind...and then some.  
 
   Maybe not the best place to start your FPS training - that'd be more like Half-Life itself, dare I say! - but obviously highly recommended to fans of the original who crave more.  It delivers, plain-and-simple, in a way which a far more recent "mod" like Wilson Chronicles - look it up (no, wait, don't bother) - does not.  Clever mapping, light-yet-interesting puzzles, crazy weaponry and gadgets, satisfying combat...it's all here.  An absolute steal at five dollars, really...
 
Verdict: 9.5/10.
This was almost as engrossing as Half-Life actually was. Of course, you can't beat God (Half-Life, in this case) if you're an angel (OF), God is God for a reason! And that's the stupidest analogy I've ever made up, but bear with me, games like Opposing Force are never easy to make justice in words. But what I mean is, even though this game can't beat Half-Life, it was incredible. I'm not going to lie; I found certain things a tiny, tiny tiny tiny bit more "WOOOAAHHH" than Half-Life, but y'know... HALF-LIFE, MAN.

Something that amazed me from the game is the fact I was actually busting my ass to save every grunt I encountered. I loathed these bastards in Half-Life and Blue Shift; I mean, they killed the poor scientists/security guards and actually enjoyed it! It was so sad! And I'm so used to killing them that every time I encountered a group of HECU marines, I'd panic and start shooting them. Then I'd be like "Oh. Right", and pressed the F9 key (my reload last save). At first I didn't mind and let them die, but dammit, they grew on me, to the point I'd truly be attempting to save them. I just felt fond of them. Except for the grunt that pushes the scientist when he's asking for Freeman when you're about to board the Osprey in which you're supposed to escape. That grunt I killed. ALSO, TWO GRUNTS ABANDONED ME IN CHAPTER 11 (The Package). I WENT TO EXPLORE A ROOM AND WHEN I GOT OUT THEY JUST DISAPPEARED. Cunts.

Getting more serious now, something that really impressed me from Opposing Force besides the guns, the Race X and the new "puzzles", was the large-scale battles you can have at times. If you take care of your squad, you can have a group of at least four grunts with you. So when you encounter a lot of enemies, the fights are phenomenal! Sadly, this only happened once to me, I was barely able to get three grunts to follow me most of the time because some grunts were just too stubborn and stupid to follow me. This is the strongest flaw I encountered in the game; the grunts' AI is really stupid in the vast majority of the time. And they were also generally pretty useless in battle, and I'm not even counting the times I died because of friendly fire. However, there was one time in which I was able to have an epic Black Ops-Shock Troopers-HECU battle. Replayed it about four times just to repeat the breathtaking sequence. Unfortunately, it was hard to achieve and generally I spent too much time in the game trying to get everyone to follow me, which is simply precious game-time wasted. This is quite disappointing, in my opinion, since the rest of the game is of such extreme quality. 

Being someone who's mostly played modern games, I have to say Opposing Force (as well as HL and BS) looks really good and its graphics are not bad at all for being a nearly twenty year old game. And even if the graphics were terrible (they're decent, in my opinion), the game would make up for it with its fantastic atmosphere, gameplay, battles, bosses, guns, ambiance and so forth. I also adored Gordon's direct and indirect appearances; his "employee of the month" photograph (was that his office?), his constant mention by the grunts and finally his Chapter 6 ("We Are Not Alone") direct appearance: where you actually see him. I seriously replayed that sequence seven times. I LOVE WHEN GAMES CONNECT WITH EACH OTHER SO DIRECTLY. Thinking that while you're still fighting your way through Black Mesa, Gordon is beating the crap out of Gonarch and everyone (or everything?) else. Opposing Force is, quite simply, a passionate application of creative design. I seriously cannot wait for Tripmine Studios' remake. 

Definitely recommend the game. But as I also said on my BS review; only play it if you have played Half-Life. Otherwise, the game might feel dull to you and you won't understand the storyline, and won't be able to fan-girl over Gordon's appearances/mentions... well... if you're a crazy fan. Like me.
Best expansion for a game : EVER!
I haven't had so much enjoyment playing an expansion pack. As always, Valve never fails to impress, same goes to Gearbox for their legendary game developing skills.
Opposing Force not only expands the main game, but adds major updates to the already grand foundation laid out by Half-Life. The story starts right where Half-Life starts, but you're controlling a commando of the HECU unit (which was the army squadrons that were trying to kill you in the original game) and the plot cuts off to a different direction that we never got to see before and also you get to have super cool buddies and with so many additions to the game which are : MANY new weapons, different equipment, lots of new characters, better AI, squad teammates with different attributes, lots of new enemies.
And best thing was, I got this gem during the Valve special sale event along with the whole Half-Life collection just for 10 bucks. Best decision EVA!
10/10 - All hail Gaben, our lord.
Half-Life Opposing Force is a stand alone add-on developed by Gearbox for the original Half-Life 1.  It's set in the same world and environment only this time from the perspective of one of the U.S. Marines of which were the enemy in the original game.

I always enjoyed these add-ons for the different perspectives that overlapping ever so slightly. The detail in these games are great and despite how old they are i still really enjoy them. For me they are quite nostalgic to play, but i imagine maybe for others who are just now coming across these games, they might look a bit crap. With that said, i'd hope that the story would be enough to keep the new audiences interested. 

The game runs great for it's age. The resolution for my screen wasn't compatible but it wasn't too bad, it was still very playable. Unlike my recent playthrough of Half-Life: Source, this one actually had no bugs or anything that stopped me in my tracks. I had no problems with this game from start to finish. Although, this game was a quite a bit shorter.

I sunk about 5 hours into this game and completed it in that time, compared to the original game, which took me a lot longer, this game is fairly short. With that said it's still a great addition to the franchise. As far as mods go, this one was great. 

There are interesting new additions in this game, a few of which i forgot about. New races of alien, new human enemies and new weapons. All of which kept the game interesting instead of it just feeling like the first one. Again, there is never a dull moment in these games as there is always something around the corner. Some of the puzzles in this game impressed me, as they were just as creative, if not more so, then the first game.

All in all I've definitely recommend this game if you have played the first one and can put up with the old style of the game.


TL;DR : A great add-on to the original game, it's old but classic. You play from a different perspective from the first, get new weapons, fight new enemies and it's generally just a lot of fun, although shorter then the original game. 


For anyone interested, My Review for Half-Life: Source:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Stefneh/recommended/280
Half-Life: Opposing Force is an awesome expansion pack to the original Half-Life, but this time from the point of view of a Marine named Cpl. Adrian Shepard. The events in this game run parallel to the original so it's great to see how the other storylines unfold from a different perspective. There are a load of new weapons added and also a few new enemies to encounter. At times you will also have a squad to help you out which really gives gives the feel for some epic battles when it's your squad versus a horde of monsters. If you're itching for more Half-Life then this is a must play and is an awesome addition to Half-Life series.
Honestly, it IS incredible.
Now I remember HL1 when it has only come out and it was splendid. It looked so detailed back there, so long, filled with puzzles and crazy stuff.
As far as I remember, when HL Opposing Force came out, it was also praised as an awesome and one hell of an Add-on (yeah no freaking DLCs back there). I remember, I was using cheats since HL was hard (and it still is) and I simply couldn't pass through it otherwise.

Now I've finished it honestly with only my skill alone, or should I say.. Survived it. With a constant save/load, trying to stuck as much of the little HP given as possible, using up ALL of the weapons, tools and explosives given, and Honestly, after years of modern shooters with, you know Health Regen, Dumb AI that's standing still and shooting after a huge pause, linear gaming and a hell lot of ammo on round I'm voting for that era of FPS games to be back here.

Forget the graphics I was SO concentrated on the action, simply sucked into game, I really couldn't stop. For the first time in YEARS I have finally had challenge, and if you, my friend is still willing to have challenge in the one genre that puts your reflexes and aim to the test, you HAVE to fight through this game. You can either realize what it trully means an old-school way of making FPS games, or you might remind yourself of that wonderful era, when we were really proud of ourselves to get to the title in the end where you sit there relaxed and realizing it's over. No wonder modern FPS can't possibly make you feel the thrill, they don't have the guts for this.
[h1] The good	[/h1]
[list]
[*] A nice game to make Half Life franchise fans watch other side of the story
[*] Simple and funcional controls
[/list]


[h1] The bad[/h1]
[list]
[*] Campaing is good but very small
[/list]


[h1] Final score: 7/10[/h1]
Opposing Force is the first expansion pack of the two that were released for Half-Life on PC. Both expansions were developed by Gearbox and got support from Valve. When I first found out that the expansion packs for Half-Life were developed by Gearbox I was quite amazed. Around that time, there was a lot of drama surrounding Duke Nukem Forever and Aliens: Colonial Marines, so I was amazed that in the past Gearbox had the honor to make expansions for a game classic like Half-Life. 

In this expansion you experience the story of Half-Life from the perspective of a soldier. You are going to Black Mesa, and your aircraft crashes. You wake up and don't know what is really going on and what the mission is. 

The game itself is pretty hard for me to curate, because it all just feels and plays the same as the original game. (With the expansion having half the length of the original game.) The new features are some different weapons and enemies, both of which are creatively implemented.  The only new feature that I didn't think was all that well executed was the nightvision goggles. They looked cool at first, but they sadly only really work in short distance. 

This expansion takes place in Black Mesa for the most part, not much time is spent in alien dimensions. At the beginning, I had the feeling that the weapons were a little bit more balanced than in the original game. Because I found myself using the shotgun more often. Still there are some new weapons that I almost never used. 

What I found special about Opposing Force is that I could see that Gearbox added some more humor in the expansion than what there was in the original Half-Life itself. I still have to say that the story in my opinion didn't really add too much to what we already knew from Half-Life, but it is still fun to see it from their perspective.

The nitpick I have though is that the thing I loved about Half-Life is that there never really was a moment of standing still where you are forced to listen to someone. Opposing Force had that happen twice, sadly. This was pretty annoying when I died a few times at one of those points. (I recommend quick saving directly after you are done waiting) 

Throughout the expansions there were some nice references and they shared the same moments with the original Half-Life timeline.

The gameplay is the same mixture of shooting and exploration, just like in the original. The beginning first felt a little dull but then the game started to pick up. I especially liked the shooting at some parts, even though I hated one of the new alien enemies who in my opinion was just really annoying, an enemy which requires too much ammo to take down and does too much damage.  

Opposing Force might not be as good as Half-Life, but in my opinion it is still worth to play it if you want to have more of the same Half-Life gameplay.

Reviews of the other Half-Life games:
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/70/]Half-Life[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/130/]Half-Life: Blue Shift[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/220/]Half-Life 2[/url]
[h1]Almost as good as original Half-Life. Gearbox did their best.
Great Graphics for year 1999
Amazing Sound effects
Fun and good gameplay
And the multiplayer not dead yet!

Opposing Force puts you in The Shoes of Adrian Shephard some Green Grass Crayon Eating Marine Who Along his Fellow Crayon Eating Marines is sent to a top secret mission somewhere in New Mexico

however before you can recive your orders the aliens blow up your Helicopter your friends die on the crash and you somehow survive and now you're trapped on a Secret Research Facility where everyone looks and sounds the same There are Aliens Teleporting Out of the Frickin Walls and The Black Ops are on your ass because you and your fellow crayon Marines couldn't stop the alien Invasion

Equip yourself with State of the Art Military Weapons (and a Monkey Wrench) and Get the hell out of Black Mesa
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☑ OK
☐ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☑ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☑ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☑ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/SocratesGandhi/recommended/70](I reccomend you read this one first)[/url]
Opposing force is very similar to Half-Life, and has you facing a different, but similar group of alien's, as well as some that we have seen from Half-Life. You play as one of the military soldiers that enters Black Mesa, but the twist is that you were never told what you are doing there. There is even a part where you [spoiler]can kill a soldier to save a scientist and get some armor[/spoiler]. It introduces new mechanics such as rope climbing, and new puzzles as well. I highly reccomend this game. There are only a few downsides to this game that I did not find in other games. The first is that, despite the training room and the story making you feel like a soldier, and that in Half-Life, you see soldiers everywhere, here you don't see many soldiers that you actually take into combat until about the second half of the game. Even then, you don't work with nearly the amount you fight at once in Half-Life. They also feel the need to put in black-op's soldiers to fight, which I feel is unnecessary (I mean, they have a soldier-like enemy in every HL and HL2 game. I'm more interested in fighting aliens) but it fits. However, I do not understand why you encounter more Black Ops than your own soldiers.  The only other negative side to this game is that the boss fight is way easier than it is in Half-Life, for reasons I will not share here. I Still reccomend playing through it though, as the positives outweigh the negatives.

A fine expansion. It builds upon the legendary HL gameplay (Run. Think. Shoot. Live.) and expands it with a myriad of new weapons, including many exotic ones, and many new enemies, mainly the menacing Race X. They will shoot you with lightning, poisonous darts and discharges of energy. Hazard Course was changed for a glorious Boot Camp where many drill sergeants (stereotyped after the film Full Metal Jacket) will degrade you to dirtbags, maggots and other derogatory existences. The game possesses a brilliant minimalistic soundtrack very different from the original Half-Life. AI is still quite buggy, doesn't like to follow you, gets stuck. There is no crowbar, all weapons were changed visually and functionally. There are many original features like the Barnacle Grapple that will help you latch onto organic objects and "suck" your way into them. M-40A1 Sniper Rifle, Shock Roach, Spore Launcher, XV11382, a laser sight Desert Eagle, all new toys. There are a few annoyances like operating the mortar and music stopping after loading. If you liked the original Half-Life you will love this.
--------------------
DLC value: 8/10

Gameplay: 8/10

Music: 7/10

Story: 8/10

Innovation: 9/10
--------------------
holy shit an actual competent dlc for a popular game

and it came out sometime in the 90's, nice.
I have played every half life released and i have to say this one is proburbly my favorite  But dont play this game before you play half life one or it wont make much sense.
You play as a military specialist sent to black mesa research facility to kill Dr gordon freeman after the "incident" and i got to say it tells the story really well.
without a doubt worth the 3.99 they are charging.
Keep in mind though the whole game should take about 6 hours to complete and there isnt anything else to do but repeat the game i recommend doing what i did and playing on the hardest difficulty to get a few more hours out of it but its up to you.
i hope someone gives this the Blackmesa treatment as the graphics are a bit dated but they are still more than just playable.
I will write a review for blue shift soon if you are also interested in that.


Easily considered the best DLC ever for one of the greatest games ever. Opposing Force took the success of Half Life and vastly improved on it. The addition of the new alien species Race X and the Black Ops cleaning up the mess of the other soldiers was a great addition to the game. The new weapons are great. For the most part the game is quite enjoyable there are parts that can be frustrating at times other than that its replay value is very high. The multiplayer is also good if you can find a lobby. Highly suggest checking out.
This is a good game. It differs from Half-Life in a few ways:

- There isn't much story telling;
- But on the other hand, combat is way better, more intense and more difficult than on the first game

It's also a bit buggy when it comes to elevators. Whenever you enter one, make sure you stay jumping otherwise you'll get stuck.
This game has added SO MUCH content to the original half-life including:
A LOT OF NEW ENEMIES
LOTS OF NEW WEAPONS
A PERSPECTIVE OF SOMEONE FROM THE MILITARY WHICH WAS DEEMED THE ENEMY OF THE SCIENTISTS


I'd recommend playing this after half-life and if you liked it play Blue shift.
Half-Life: Opposing Force

This is the best add on to Half-Life in my opinion. There are new weapons and not a single crowbar. You can also create a time paradox. Race X creatures are really good enemies and the gene worm is a lot more threatening than a gargantua and a PCV suit instead of an HEV suit or an armour vest. You get to interact with other soldiers and maybe even create a small group. I really have nothing negative to say about this, everything works well. Get this if you like Half-Life series!

Grade: 10/10
Best addon for Half - Life. Now we play for Adrian Shephard - HECU soldier. As well as Dr. Freeman, he will look for a way out of Black Mesa. The main differences from the original game - a large number of new monsters, and the availability of a new arsenal to destroy them.

8.5/10
[b]Opposing Force[/b], the 1st of the three Gearbox expansions for Half-Life, re-tells the story of the Black Mesa Incident from HECU marine Adrian Shephard's perspective. Adding a plethora of new content like Race X (not to be confused with Xen creatures,) and additional weapons; Opposing Force offers an enjoyable yet distinct experience, albeit with somewhat muddled level design. Consider buying it if you enjoy the original Half-Life.
Fantastic expansion for the half-life universe.

New weapons, more pleasant encounters with scientist than in the first half-life.

More complex HECU units with more variety in the apperal aspect of the soldiers.

Different skillsets for soldiers in your platoon I.E.; Engineer Torching down sealed doors, medics for healing, etc.

I recommend you save frequently because them auto-saves are IMO not frequent enough.

Sadly the military still wants to kill you even though your on they're team 

( Exluding the HECU soldiers known for their grey camo and Green PCV vest, enemy military units will be in all black. )
[h1] THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A DLC [/h1]

Pros: 

* A lot of new guns
* A lot of new enemys 
* Challenging enemies (if you play on hard)
* You see Freeman jumping on the portal to Xen (LUL)

Cons: I don't know if it's a con, considering that the game is from 1999 but... 

*Marine's AI a bit poor
*G-Man cheating again teleport hack as always (LUL)

SCORE: 8,5/10
Opposing Force was Gearbox's first game and they did not disappoint back then.  As the first of two Half-Life expansions Opposing Force put you in the shoes of a military character sent in to take out Gordon Freeman.  Same quality as the original Half-Life and another great storyline addition to the Half-Life world.  This is what all expansions of games should look like.
I was just looking through my games list, and the reviews I've done for games, and realized I left out some important ones. I'm in a bit of a chatty mood, so let's do a few, shall we?

HL:OpFor is an expantion pack for Half Life. It was sold along with Blue Shift back when CDs were still a thing. I bought it WAY back when. 

Opposing Force puts you into the character of Colonel Sheppard, one of the many Special Forces guys running around in Half Life. Some have argued whether or not Opposing Force(and, by extention, Blue Shift) are "Half Life Canon"... I would say that they are, as they add to the story of Half Life without conflicting with it. The fact that you see Gordon Freeman for a moment puts you right into the original story, even if you're technically walking along side of it. 

There isn't much in the way of "new content", but what IS there, works well within the Half Life universe. Your goal is to escape Black Mesa with your life intact, after you've been left behind. 

While shorter than the original Half Life, it is still a lot of fun to play, even after several run throughs.
As someone loving a good setting and a great story with room for theories and mystery, this game gives me everything I could ask for.
If you love or even like Half Life, play this game!
It enhances the story for a big chunk.
This game is from 1999, so I won't even talk about graphics and stuff, you can imagine how it looks.

The only thing that bothers me is that you change weapon if you pick up the new one.
That killed me once as I got some Nades from a crate, but that is a little thing.
You can't change that in the options menu, if you know console commands feel free to change it, I don't know how.

Anyways, you should totally get this game.
I hate that I did not play it earlier.
I'm surprised at how much I enjoyed this, especially the drill instructor training mode portion. I might edit this review if I find that there's more I want to say.
Half-Life: Opposing Force is basicly about one of the grunts who were sent to the clean up project and he is imediatly thrown into the horrors of Black Mesa. but its got abit of stuff you are kinda misslead by. for example: he dosen't have to kill everyone. infact, he sorta needs them. its got good story and enviroment. speaking of which, you learn more stuff they were working on. its cool. and its only $4.99! buy it and its sure to meet your entertainment needs. it wont let you down sir or madam!
This expansion to Half-Life is much longer than Blue Shift is and also, much harder to get through. There are times when you're going to get frustrated, but I still consider this a short and sweet package with the army flavor in it. Not to mention the training section of the game. That training section in the military barracks was amusing and also felt realistic. I totally recommend this game.
This is actually my first time playing opposing force even though i have gone though the regular half life 1 and 2 many times. It's suprisingly short.. probably half as long as half life 1.

The graphics and puzzle are just about the same difficulty but jumps are little bit harder.

It's much easier to die in earlly game from the envirment hazards and late game became black OPs.

Overall it's a nice little addition to the original half life 1.

8.5/10. 

IF you have missed this one like me.. spend some time to try it. It's not long but it's still quite fun like regular half life. only took me 3.2 hours to finish.

Not good at writing reviews but I'll try my best to cover everything :)
But before we continue I advise you to play the original Half-Life (Read my review for Half-Life [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/DranzerV1/recommended/70/] Here [/url] )

http://store.steampowered.com/app/70/

[h1] Review [/h1]
Half-Life: Opposing Force (HL:OF) is an expansion pack for Valve's FPS game Half-Life The Gameplay doesn't differ much from the original game
You play the role of Cpl.Shepherd an HECU Marine/Grunt,the game takes place in the same universe as the original Half-Life your obejctive is to evacuate the scientists trapped inside black mesa and also to capture and kill Gordon Freeman but things change quickly as you encounter aliens and the commando group affiliated with US government known as the [b] Black Ops [/b] . I don't want to spoil the story anymore play this game and discover for yourself ;)

Let's jump to pros and cons

Pros:
+Extremely Challenging
+Hard to beat the enemies (even on easy difficulty)
+Variety of weapons (About 14-15)
+Amazing Graphics (For a video game that was developed in 1999)
+Nice Gameplay
+The game is challenging you won't be able to beat this game easily in Short It's not your average run and shoot game instead of hunting down waves after waves of enemies there are a lot of puzzles in the game you have to solve in order to proceed to next level only intelligent people are able to do so (Seriously)
+Great soundtracks
+Physics is perfect (almost)
+Maps are very detailed (for a game developed in GoldSrc Engine)
+Variety of weapons (about 13-15)
+Hard to beat enemies
+Great Environment (The feeling of being alone and surrounded by enemies from all sides)
+Mod Support

Cons:
-Extremely Buggy (It was difficult to complete the game I had to keep loading the same save file over and over again at some levels for example:-sometimes a door won't open,npcs wont respond,buttons wont work but loading the save file again would solve the problem xD)
-Multiplayer is ALMOST dead
-A VERY SHORT story

Overall Rating:-7.5/10
Although I did enjoy this game but due its short story I recommend you to buy it during the sale it doesn't deserve $5
Easily the most underrated game in the Half life series. You play as Corporal (not Commander) Adrian Shepherd, one of the marines sent to eliminate Gordon Freeman and clean up the mess from the Black Mesa Resonance Cascade...only to find out there's much more to this story than just an accidental alien invasion. 
Here's teh Good/Bad Summary:

Good
- New weapons and monsters, all of which are awesome and change the gameplay in interesting ways.
- Superb (and terrifying) level design which takes full advantage of all these additions (and often in very creative ways).
- Different soldier variants actually give your  teammates some purpose other than just dudes that cover you (Medics heal you, Engineers cut through sealed doors, etc.)
- New creepy soundtrack adds to the atmosphere well.
- A couple neat deja-vu moments.
- 7-hour Expansion Pack (Remember when those were a thing?)
- The downright hilarious (and entirely optional) tutorial alone is worth picking this up...trust me!
- Didn't see that ending coming!

Bad
- Night Vision can get obstructive and has lousy range compared to the original flashlight.
- The irritating as hell final level.
- Final Boss is a bit of a pushover.

9.5 Shock Troopers/10 Just buy it!

Product received for free because this game - along with Doom, Starcraft, Diablo 2, Quake, Unreal Tournament 1999, and the original Half-Life of course - was my childhood; And they haven't aged a day since!
Another Good Story / Expansion Pack of Half Life. This game has Good Storyline, Interesting objects, Many weapons, Cool Creatures, and Challenging. In my opinion The gameplay is Hard even if you play on Easy.
This is not just more Half-Life. This is more than just Half-Life. Opposing Force has new weapons, new enemies, a new protagonist and more. Also it has some reeaaaly cool level designs. If you enjoyed Half-Life (if you didn't there is something wrong with you) get this.


Oh also this has something like a grappling hook 10/10
The game follows the storyline of the original Half-Life game but goes even deeper showing the final hours before the destruction of the facility that weren't in the original game. The game follows a marine who is sent to a classified mission in Black Mesa. 

The story is the same as the original Half-Life but from a different perspective. Some events that happened in the original game can also be seen in this game adding to the experience if you've played the original game. Later, the player encounters completely new types of enemies. 

The game has the same feel as the original Half-Life with all the puzzles and boss fights. Overall the game is very fun to play and is a great FPS experience.
A nice long expansion at around 7 hours on my first playthrough on medium difficulty it's well worth $4.99.  Especially if you want more Half Life while waiting for Episode 3/Half Life 3.
[h1]An enjoyable offshoot[/h1]

As blasphemous as it may sound to some, I have personally gotten to like this 5-6 hour expansion pack more than the base game. While the controls, the graphics, and everything in between stayed the same, the storyline had no big gaps and was pretty consistent. The more frequent appearances by G-Man invoked a greater sense of mystery and left wondering what on earth he's trying to pull off. The new enemy types added some challenge, while several tie-ins with the main game (such as recognizable locations) gave a true sense of being "behind-the-scenes" of the primary narrative. The only minor turn-offs were a very boring final boss fight and the lack of a proper soundtrack yet again.

[b]8/10[/b]
A lot of people shame companies for making DLC/Expansion packs that complete the game. For half life this is not the case, the mainstream Half Life story following Gordon Freeman (HL, HL2 and the episodes) can be played by itself and satisyingly goes in its own path no DLC's needed. Opposing Force is a optional story in a different perspective of the Black Mesa incident, including extremely cool easter eggs which link up with the original Half Life and are extremely satisfying. The story is nothing special but it is not bad you follow the perspective of Corporal Adrian Shepard in the military. This is one of the best things about the game, in Half Life you see the military as just souless sponges which soak up all your bullets. But in this game you see this from the militaries perspective and you get some interesting banter with your military allies and the game explains who the black ops soldiers are which make a appearance in Half Life. The game brings a few new guns which are very fun to play with but for some reason there is a very big lack of ammo and near the end the difficulty becomes super hard and I have been playing half life for a really long time on hardest difficulty, the enemies become annoying. This game is very good I reccomend playing it and its cheap I give it a 8/10
As the first expansion pack for Half-Life 1, you trade in your HEV suit and step into the boots of Cpl. Adrian Shephard as you experience Black Mesa from a different perspective, being that of the military.

Being an expansion pack, Opposing Force introduces new weapons and enemies that you'll encounter along the way as you work towards your goal of eliminating Gordon Freeman.

A definite must have for fans of Half-Life 1.
Half Life 1 was great. This game, while being about half as long from start to end, is just as good as the HL 1. Maybe even better in some circumstances. It offers several new weapons not found in Half Life, at the expense of a few from HL1 not appearing at all. In addition, not only does Opposing Force have new weapons and level design, it has has entirly new enemy types, mostly for the aliens which you spend most of the game fighting, unlike HL1 where you alternated between military and aliens for most of the game. One of the other benefits is that it doesn't have any real BAD levels. While HL1 had excellent level design, with good mix of shooting,  platforming, and puzzle solving, it also had several moments or levels that fustrated me greatly. From my playthrough of this, I can only really recall a couple of moments that bothered me personally (like the area where if you hit certain explosives you instantly die, just like in HL1 or the final area with the high and strong enemy count). Though it was less the levels themselves and more the enemies you fight. Compared to HL1, Opposing Force throws you against stronger enemies a lot more often, and while it's not terrible, I found it easier to ignore some battles rather than fight my way through. Especially in the final area where they have several rooms that just throw enemies at you with reckless abandon. This does work well for people who wanted a tougher game, but I feel like Half-Life 1 was at a good level of challenge, minus some cheap bullshit it pulled. So I'm not sure if I like the higher base difficulty overall. Another issue is that like Blue Shift, the story is pretty much throwaway. Though, I do appreciate that we see a different view of the situation, even if I think they could have done more with it. (These guys are supposed to go after Freeman, making them like the bad guys killing everything. But then they just turn out to be victims too, which I feel was kind of a cop out) Overall, while there are a few nags I have with the game, it's far outwieghed by the positives of being more Half-Life 1, and the new things it brought to the table. That doesn't even include multiplayer. Yeah, this game had multiplayer. Really odd, but still a nice addition regardless. If you have a spare $5 (or less if you wait for the Valve bundle pack sale) and want more Half-Life, this is an easy yes. You owe it to yourself to play it if you like Half-Life, but haven't touched this game at all.
A great example of how expansions (or DLC) should be made!

Opposing Force managed to differentiate itself just enough from the original Half-Life, while remaining fun and non-repetitive.

The story was quite interesting, as you take the role of Corporal Shephard, a military specialist assigned to eliminate Gordon Freeman, after the initial events of the first game.

During his mission you encounter a big variety of enemies, both human and alien. The aliens especially were quite many.
As usual, the G-Man made a few cameo appearances as well, while observing and evaluating you.

Many new weapons were included too and particularly the alien ones were a nice innovation from the original game and made you truly feel how it is to play on the alien side (a few years before Halo successfully did it, too).

Aside from the added enemies and weapons, new allies came along too: the medic and the engineer, which could respectively heal you in battle and enable you to access new areas. This was another nice addition, from the allies of the original that could only follow you and assist you for a bit.

The length was also good enough for an expansion, about half the duration of Half-Life (duh).
Revisiting Xen was nice too.

All in all, Opposing Force was a good nostalgia trip, on the trail of what made the first game great.
Recommended definitely!
If you've played Half-Life chances are you've already played this, if you haven't on the otherhand definitely check this out after playing the original game, you're in for a visit to the Half-Life universe again to get your fix. Shephard the character you play is the a fan favorite and there is a reason for it.
One of my Favorite Expansion packs in general. Instead of playing as Gordon Freeman in Half-Life 1 or Barney Calhoun the Security Guard in Blue Shift... 

You play as an Hazardous Environment Combat Unit Soldier known as Adrian Shepard, one of the enemies in Half-life 1 and Blue Shifts who you know get play as...

Opposing force replaces some of the weapons in Half-Life 1 ( You can still find & use them in Multiplayer mode or by using Cheats. )

The Crowbar is replaced by a Pipe Wrench. 
Which is slower, but is much more powerful and has a charge up attack which can deal even more damage.

And the Revolver is replaced by an Desert Eagle. With an Laser Sight and fires slightly more faster than the Revolver .

And the Sniper Rifle replaces the Crossbow and the Hive hand is replaced by the more useful Shock roach along with Tau Cannon and Gluon gun not appearing but replaced by the more deadly and powerful Displacer Cannon, which is this Expansion's BFG...

You also fight new enemies in this Expansion with Black Ops Assassins replacing the HECU Grunts from HL1 & Blue Shift since you're playing as an HECU Grunt. And the X-Race who are the toughest enemies who you will fight, and a new Headcrab Zombie known as the Gonomes who are tougher than regular zombies who can throw their guts at you as their ranged attack.

Along with new Allies such as some HECU Buddies such as the Engineer who can open welded doors and the Combat Medic who is a Portable Healing Station along with some HECU Grunts wielding an M249 SAW ( One of the new weapons that you can use. ) and a new Black Mesa Fat Security guard known as Otis who uses an Desert Eagle instead of an 9mm Pistol.

Long Story short, you're playing as an HECU Grunt to clean up the Black Mesa incident, and things don't go to well and you're forced to fight the Black Ops and you have encountered a new Alien Race known as Race-X but you encounter your HECU Buddies and knowing that they are left behind and forced to fight the Black Ops and the Xen Aliens along with the after mentioned Race-X, you will find a lot of action in this Expansion Pack with some intense action in some chapters. But i'm leaving the important bits out of here.

I have one complain though. Compared to the CD Retail version, the Menu Screen is less cooler compared to the Animated Title with Soldiers marching in the Opposing Force Title with Helicopters flying and Tanks moving to the Right.
What we got is Adrian Shepard and Gordon Freeman holding Flags for the CTF Mode which i don't play ( Since play Half-Life mostly for it's Single Player Campaigns. )

However that doesn't hurt what this Expansion Pack brings into Half-Life 1 for it's content. You got New Weapons to play with, New Enemies and Aliens to fight along with new Allies that will help you and a enjoyable single-player Campaign...

Also this Expansion pack introduces Rope Climbing which wasn't used in future Half-Life games or any other games made by Valve or Gearbox software... And also a Barnacle that you can use as an Weapon which is Opposing force's grappling hook.
I was born in like 2007, These fucking games were made before i was even born, And i'm not used to Old School Hl1 games, Only HL2, i got like the orange box as i said so every hl2 game, + portal and tem fer 2, Uh, I'm not sure what to say, Most games when i don't finish them i don't even review them, But i maybe test out the old school HL1 games, My friend Bought HL Blue shift, I also didn't notice that BS And OF were made by GearBox, Never noticed that, So uh, Idk, Good game?
All the components that made Half-Life such a terrific first-person shooter experience are all here (amazing story, great AI, solid gameplay, scripted scenes, cinematic resonance, multiplayer modes and so on,) but unfortunately, this expansion is hindered by technical issues. Like the original Half-Life revolutionized the FPS genre, Opposing Force has set a new bar when it comes to expansion packs and that’s an achievement in itself.
