IMPORTANT NOTE: Do NOT buy this game!
Allow me to explain why. All of the content from this game, all levels and characters etc, are part of Left 4 Dead 2 by default. This means buying this one is redundant. Just save the money and buy the sequel so you can play them both at the same time plus have the added benefit of the new monsters you get to fight from the sequel.

~~~~~~~~~
2019 EDIT:
After countless people explaining the differences between the games, do yourself a favor and research these two great titles. I am sure there is a video out there showcasing how they are different. I personally feel that this game is redundant however many disagree and would rather play the original content on the original game only, not on Left 4 Dead 2. You should figure out which is best for you before buying.

With that being said, keep in mind these games are getting old and frequently go on sale for dirt cheap prices. I think you can sometimes even get both Left 4 Dead titles for about $5 total which is worth it. Then you can install and play both and decide for yourself. All that matters is that they get played because they are terrific and shouldn't be forgotten.
~~~~~~~~~

Review:
As for the game itself, I highly recommend this title. This is teamwork at its best. You literally can't get through this game by yourself. Sure, you can play single player mode just fine since the AI is decent but I mean you can't play ALONE as the game will inevitably put you into certain scenarios where you will get pinned down and die without someone there to save you. So either another player or an AI will have to help you up or it's game over.

The gunplay is fast and furious. The zombies are fast and attack in hordes so you can't really survive long by standing in one place.

There isn't too much story but with this type of game you really don't need story. Just fight your way from one obstacle to the next until you finish the game. Terrific good time.
This is my first game on Steam, which I've been playing the longest. Before I joined the steam community, I've been playing it for about half a year and then I decided to join multiplayer. I found many friends there and some of them are still around. Sadly, the game was killed by it's own developers. Porting all the campaigns and original Survivors into Left 4 Dead 2 was the last drop in the cup already full. 10/10. RIP
Possibly one of the best games I've played, one of the fewer ones that I started on Steam with that was in my library. It was something I enjoyed playing, Left 4 Dead was brilliant solely for the fact I was brought into the passion of zombie games and killing zombies had become one of my biggest hobbies by far. This was also a family game for me, which is what brought my brother and my dad together as a team and we bonded pretty well because of this game, we were just an average family having fun blowing heads off with autoshotguns and throwing molotovs everywhere. You can imagine how well that went and you could probably picture us hysterically laughing at crowning witches and going on a marathon by playing all campaigns in one day. 

Left 4 Dead was my picture perfect game, something that is nostalgic for me and still has a lot of value to me to this very day; I had no regret playing such a beautiful yet bloody and graphic game. It's got one of those horror movie vibes to it for how atmospheric and cinematic it feels. The campaigns were varying and it was nice to play in different fields whether it was open or tight spaces and cherishing the scenery in the game was one of the majors for me, it was magnificent seeing how unique each map was in it's own way and learning strategies and shortcuts that each chapter had to offer. If you ask me about characters, I could say the voice actors were perfect and how each character contrasted with each other was perculiar because it gave the game life and an amazing storyline to it. The special infected were vague appearances; with each 4 of them being mutated variants and having their own knack abilities to haul at the survivors was what made the game even more pleasurable and more than just a satisfactory game. It's original and the whole concept is engaging because it's not every day that you see mutated zombies having ways of brutally yet gorgeously executing the survivors in such mannerisms that your generic slow-walking and tough zombies in per say The Walking Dead aren't capable of doing. 

What is even more great about this game is being able to play online with or against other players, I've met tons of players over the period of playing public matches and while some claimed they weren't good and others performed perfectly with great teamwork, coordination and communication it's been delightful meeting other people within this community and watching this game grow and have its own large fanbase is something wonderful for the fact that a 10-year-old game is still popular and in the spotlight. It is something that is worth buying, and even to this very day it's still a classic and has honestly brought back so much memories for me. It's a game that I highly recommend for how gobsmackingly funny, suspense and captivating the gameplay experience is.
[i]Left 4 Dead is a solid co-op first-person shooter that, while clearly showing its age, is worth the small price you can pick it up for on sale.[/i]

[h1]Preface:[/h1]
I remember when I first started playing this game. I was scared of everything. I moved very slowly, cautiously, and ran from place to place, looking for the safest and shortest path to the next saferoom. When I finally finished a campaign and got to watch the ending cutscene roll, it felt like a real achievement.

Then I tried joining my first multi-player campaign and discovered a whole new world. Having someone running along with me, giving me helpful advice, and us all generally looking after each other as a team was a great experience. This is a game where good team-based gameplay is rewarded, and where people who go rushing off alone commonly end up getting themselves killed. Left 4 Dead feels like it was built for cooperative gameplay, from the ground up. There's safety in numbers, and when you're the last one standing and trying to survive on your own, you'll really feel just how alone you are in a hostile world where pretty much everything is out to kill you.

The game can be played in both single and multi-player. Up to four players control one each of four survivors as they all attempt to move from one safe area to the next. Any survivors not being controlled by a human player will be automatically taken over by the survivor bot AI. As they move through the levels in the campaigns, the survivors will encounter various enemies, including hordes of common zombies and some rarer 'special' infected. These special infected come with unique abilities that make good teamplay essential, as their attacks can disorient and even render lone survivors helpless.

[h1]Level Design:[/h1]
Levels are premade and static, meaning they never change from game to game. After playing the same campaign enough times, you'll end up memorizing the most efficient routes through the levels. Item spawns are also preplaced, so if you find a bottle of pills behind a dumpster in a certain alleyway, then that's what you can expect to find in that location in all future games you play. There is some variation in the fact that items won't always spawn where they're available to be spawned, but that's it.

At certain points throughout the game, you'll encounter various events that trigger attacks from hordes of zombies, or even spawn 'boss' infected, which helps break the monotony of simply going from point A to point B. Otherwise, the meat of the campaign mode consists of moving from one location to the next while shooting zombies and finding items. There are six campaigns; most of them have a total of five maps. In each campaign, there is constant visible evidence of the decay of society and the collapse of civilization through wrecked buildings, vehicles, piles of dead bodies, and more.

[h1]Game Modes:[/h1]
Besides campaign, 'versus' and 'survival' game modes are also available. In versus mode, up to eight players can join a single game session. Versus mode is basically a campaign where there are two teams of human players - one team controls the survivors, and the other spawns as special infected. The survivor team must attempt to make it as far as they can before being killed, while the infected team attempts to stop them as quickly as possible. Once the survivors have been killed or make it to safety, the teams switch roles, and the map is played again. This rotation continues until the entire campaign has been completed, at which stage, points are tallied up to determine the winner.

In survival mode, the survivors are trapped in certain areas found throughout the campaigns, and must hold out as long as possible against relentless waves of enemies that get more difficult as the game progresses. Gold, silver, and bronze 'medals' are awarded for lasting ten, seven, and four minutes respectively.

[h1]Sound:[/h1]
Music in Left 4 Dead adds not only atmosphere, but is also dynamic in that it changes depending on the situation. Impending horde attacks are met with the sound of intense drumming, the presence of an attacking 'Tank' (boss infected) comes with its own 'epic' theme, unique 'terror' music plays while being strangled by a 'Smoker' special infected, and so on. Leaving the music in this game on can actually help the player maintain situational awareness.

Survivors also call out and comment on things they see throughout the game, and the voice acting is generally good. Players can make the character they're controlling say certain things with the press of a button for quick communication in case they can't or don't want to type messages or use a microphone.

[h1]AI:[/h1]
The survivor bot AI does an adequate job of keeping together and shooting enemies, but has a habit of running directly into the player's line of fire. I also noticed frequent pathfinding issues, causing bots to get stuck before 'warping' to the player's location. Sometimes, fellow survivor bots also take an inordinate amount of time to rescue other survivors from the clutches of special infected if there is even a minimal amount of zombies occupying their attention. Incapacitated survivor bots also have the uncanny ability to close doors, which is not something the player can do.

The infected AI is very accurate and effective, and often 'cheats'. Hunters are able to claw survivors while in mid leap and even after getting shoved away, and Boomers instantly hit survivors once they get within range, before even completing their swiping animation, There is also some kind of oddity with hitboxes involving rocks thrown by Tanks, which allows Tanks to hit survivors round the corners of buildings.

[h1]Pacing/Networking:[/h1]
Game sessions can be hosted on dedicated servers or locally via a player's computer. The game runs very well on a slow connection - on a connection that had a maximum transfer rate of 8.5kb/s, I've managed to maintain a ping between 50-70 on a dedicated server within the same country. Depending on how quickly players rush through a campaign, game sessions can last anywhere from 11 minutes on the shortest campaign, to up to roughly an hour for a standard one.

[b][u]The Good:[/u][/b]
+ Great multiplayer functionality (netcode, built-in voice comms)
+ Quick drop-in, drop-out ability
+ Maps have decent atmosphere and varied settings
+ Great mod and add-on support

[b][u]The Bad:[/u][/b]
- 'Cheating' infected AI
- Linear maps
- Weapon variety is somewhat lacking
- AI has slight pathfinding issues
- Survivor bot AI can be annoyingly incompetent

[b][u]Conclusion:[/u][/b]
Left 4 Dead is a game best played with good, human teammates. Survivor bots will suffice in the beginning, but as your skill increases, you'll quickly see just how deficient bots are. Linear maps limit replayability, but this may be offset by the fact that so much community-made content has been released and is readily available for download - www.gamemaps.com/l4d

What's the point of getting this game when Left 4 Dead 2 has everything the original has, and more? The gameplay in the original Left 4 Dead feels different compared to the sequel. In Left 4 Dead 2, there is more of a focus on rushing through hordes while under continuous attack. In Left 4 Dead, the focus is more on waiting the horde out while staying in a defensible location. The maps that were ported over to Left 4 Dead 2 from the original game have also been modified to reflect this.

If you've got no one to play with and are just looking for a server to join, at this stage, you may have difficulty finding games online, depending on where you live. The game's lifespan can be significantly extended if custom add-ons come into play, and the game can also be tweaked using various command-line startup options. I found a lot of entertainment and cheap humour in watching the bots play campaign and survival by themselves while I spectated.
One of my favourite games ever. You and three friends will battles against hordes of 'infected' or perhaps become the vanguard of those infected to wreak terror and death on survivors as the 'sepcial infected'. This game prioritizes team work over twitch skills and is a great game for people who like to play with a dedicated group of friends.

I have not played for a few years and when I left the game was more geared for hard core players when compared to it's successor, Left 4 Dead 2. From a cursory look this still seems to be true. A great game, but for beginners I might actually suggest playing Left 4 Dead 2 first, and then perhaps trying the first game once you are a little more skilled. Getting quad capped by people will 5000 hours in game might not be your best first expereince of the game :)



HOURS ON RECORD : I don't play this game on my public account. I have over 400 hours played in Left4Dead 1 and 1500+ in Left4Dead  2 on my private account.
With plenty of pills in my system and ammo in my Auto-Shotty, I was punched into a Witch by a Tank, puked on by a Boomer, lassoed by a Smoker, and then rode by a Hunter before making it onto the escape vehicle with less than one health while poor Bill, Francis, and Zoey were mobbed and mutilated by the horde, screaming for me to come help.

10/10, would leave them behind again.
This is the game that convinced me to start using Steam.

Although you can play the same maps in L4D2 and use the L4D1 mutation, the maps have layout and trigger changes that play differently.  Tanks and camping work differently in L4D1.   Whenever I play L4D2 I notice almost everyone rushes, but in L4D1, rushing is less common.  There are other differences that keep me playing L4D1, but I'm keeping this review brief or until I decide to update it.

If you're new to L4D, and can only afford one, get L4D2.  But if you want to experience all L4D has to offer (including the best intro cinematic of the two), I'd play L4D1 first, but definitely get L4D2 as well.
It's 2009 you wake up, winter break from school, hard snow/cant go anywhere.
new xbox 360 for x mas and the one badass game you thought you wernt gonna get at 12 Y.O.
everyone else at work, by yourself with hot choclate and chickcn nuggets the whole day with no care in the world but these MOFO zombies
play the same 4 campaign over and over, never gets old once. Life is good

It's almost 2018
Bills, college debt  and responsibilites have creeped into life, insanity awaits
Still however can dust off the 360 (or in this case the keyboard) during the holidays and relive the good ole days through this gem

10/10 worth every penny
Left 4 Dead is a first-person shooter game, an apocalypse survival game from Valve. The game is a zombie apocalypse game where you play as one of four survivors trying to get themselves to safety. These survivors are Bill, Zoey, Francis and Louis. They're trying to get themselves to safety as their story began two weeks after the infection. They themselves are immune to this virus while thousands of people already become hungry undead.

The gameplay is almost similar to any Valve game, you can play up to 4 players with friends or people from the internet and play together. The zombies in this game are also unique, you won't just meet regular zombies, there are special infected that has many special abilities which can get you some troubles. Hunters for example, likes to leap and then pinned the survivors by surprise. The most fearsome infected could be the tank or the witch, they are the worst. Witch can take you down with only single attack despite her pity appearance. Weapons are quite good here, there are pump-action shotgun, dual pistols, submachine gun, assault rifle or hunting rifle. If you're overwhelmed, simply toss a pipe bomb and that thing will attract zombies from you and then blow them up.

Graphics of Left 4 Dead is quite decent and impressive. The Source Engine has again prove its worthiness. Explosion effects, gore and blood effects, the sounds and the environment are all impressive, including the amazing ragdoll effects which makes the environment more chaotic. And still, the game runs pretty stable and smooth.

Overall, Left 4 Dead is a good game to play with friends. I recommend this.

+ Cooperative play.
+ Good choice of weapons.
+ Good graphics, engine and physics.
+ Many variety of zombies.

- AI team still not very improved.
- Harder difficulty is too hard.

Rating 8/10
[h1]Intro[/h1]
Left 4 Dead, a series I simply cannot get enough of.
Played this game to Death on the Xbox 360 before I made the switch to PC and added an additional 880 hours into the game.
This review is extremely late, but I felt like it's the least I could do for one of the games I've enjoyed most.
Please keep in mind that this review is based off the memories I have of this game and how it was when the game was still alive, there will be an additional botch of text at the bottom regarding the current status of the game.

[h1]The Game[/h1]

Developed by Turtle Rock Studios and Valve itself, Left 4 Dead 1 was one of the first shooters to combine Cooperative gameplay with Survival First Person Shooter gameplay. No longer could you "win" the game by only caring about yourself. You need your teammates and your teammates need you.

[b]Pros[/b]
● Unique Cooperative Gameplay in every Gamemode! (Campaign, Versus, Survival)
● The Lobby/Drop-in system works flawlessy allowing players to effortlessly finding a game.
● Free DLC.
● Make your own Maps!
● Low PC Specs required.
● Get to play as Special Infected! (Yeah.. those Zombies..!) in Versus mode.
● Scoring System in Versus allows for both Teams to make an insane comeback!
● Very Easy to setup your own Dedicated Server.

[b]Cons[/b]
● Players have to download Maps manually, they are unable to download from the Server they are joining.
● No Workshop.
● The Game is unpolished in regards to exploits and bugs, Valve has never responded to countless reports and complaints.
● No Matchmaking, you're very likely to end up with very unbalanced teams when joining Versus games.
● Ragequitting is not punished at all.

[h1]The Community[/h1]

The Community for Left 4 Dead is very comparable to Left 4 Dead 2, in Public Games you can expect to be insulted and possibly even votekicked if you're underperforming in the eyes of your teammates.
There however used to be a Competitive Scene, this scene was much better in terms of actually being able to finish your games as well as making buddies. Unfortunately, it has died a long time ago.

[h1]Current Status of the Game[/h1]

As of this post, Left 4 Dead has an 30-Day Average of [b]385[/b] Players Worldwide.
You are very unlikely to find Games going on, and if you do happen to find some, they're likely going to be unenjoyable.

The only way you're going to really enjoy this game, is if you find a couple of likeminded buddies and get Campaign + Survival going. Pushing your way through Expert mode will always remain fun. :)
If you're feeling lucky and you're not prone to ragequitting or shouting accusations (Trust me, nobody cheats in Left 4 Dead anymore) you can give Versus a go. 4 Players is already half of what you need!

[h1]Final Words[/h1]

Left 4 Dead currently costs $20, just like Left 4 Dead 2. They however have a much different feel to the game and I'd still buy both versions.
I recommend adding it to your wishlist until it gets on Sale though. ;)
This game is balanced so that teams pretty much *have to* work together to survive. Players who run ahead are typically targeted by the game, and the game is harder with few players (so it's important that you *AND* your teammates survive!). Therefore this game--in my many years of experience with it AND in comparison to my many years of Counter Strike experience--tends to have a friendlier and more team-oriented group of players to interact with. I appreciate the game dynamics in L4D very, very much.
No loot boxes, progress bar, or unlocks. Just straight up fun gameplay and reliable game mechanics. Another classic must-have game from Valve. Yes people still play this game in 2018, it is still relevant and worth buying.
Killed by Valve with Left 4 Dead 2, it will still have a place in my heart forever. <3

(And a handful of people are still playing it, so proper games still happen.)
Versus is good
but community is pretty bad, L4D2 community is by far the worst I've never seen
TK, troll people, votekick abuse, griefing.

It is enjoyable and fun to play with friends,
but I have to say, "the community" has ruined this game.

Also,
no one wants to buy L4D1 since All the maps, weapons, characters are in L4D2.

I have played L4D2 for amlost 3K hrs.
still recommend L4D1 because versus is much better than L4D2 in my opinion.
If you want to play Campaign, just buy L4D2 ,not 1.
If you want to play Versus, just buy L4D1 ,not 2.
Left 4 Dead consumed my entire household for at least 18 months. My wife and I played every night, ignoring everything around us. It nearly cost us our jobs, left the house in ruins and delayed starting a family for a couple of years.

I still have nightmares.

You have to play it.
I don't think people who came into the series on Left 4 Dead understand how creepy this game originally was. Watching that cutscene before actually doing anything with the controller, and then being placed on a rooftop where the cutscene left off in the dark and the rain, and the only instructions are to head towards a vaguely-described hospital somehow, with a very tense and creepy ambience (unlike the second game, which was fairly satirical most of the time)... and then as you're learning the game you have to escape on one of the hardest finales in the series. No Mercy stands as my favorite campaign for that exact reason. I felt like I was in the apocalypse. I felt like the only ones I could depend on were my dad (we were playing splitscreen coop), and our two idiot cpu players, and the rest of the world was dead. I was afraid to dare to explore further down every hallway, alley, and hospital room, fearing what would come next. Every step of the way was a challenge. Even if we played through it a hundred times. It was tough. It set a wonderful stage. It forced me to invest a good portion of my life into this series. Left 4 Dead 2 may have improved on the concept in dozens of ways, but it will never be able to replicate the eeriness of the first game.﻿
A strange infection suddenly started at Pennsylvania which was causing mutation to the body cells and loss of higher brain functions. After two weeks of this green flue caused by the highly contagious pathogen four immune survivors Bill a Vietnam veteran, Zoey a college student, Louis an IT analyst and Francis an outlaw biker were making their way through the city of Fairfield. After avoiding all the infected finally survivors were rescued from the Mercy Hospital roof but unfortunately they found the pilot is an infected too. Zoey killed him and the chopper crashed in an industrial district outside the city. Fortunately they found a vehicle full of weapons and so they went to the riverside. While their way after crossing road blocks they arrived to the local church. When they encountered some lunatic infected in the church they realized that the city is overrun. Then they decided to rush to the nearby boathouse for rescue. From there they reached the city of Newburg on the other side of the river but they got that most part of the city is in flames. So, the large nearby greenhouse was their shelter. But then when a military C-130 Hercules passed overhead they tried to follow it by travelling through the city’s business district towards the Metro International Airport. After arrival they found that the military had bombed the airport while infected pilots crashed planes in an attempt to land. Finally they managed to escape by the C-130.

But it crashed again and survivors found themselves on the outskirts of Allegheny National Forest. From there they made their way to a functioning yet abandoned military outpost. From there they were rescued to Northeast Safe Zone Echo which is supposed to be the only uninfected area not yet overrun. Although they were immune but yet they are carriers of the infection, so they were temporarily hold by the military. But the four escaped via train and travelled south by Bill’s insistence. Bill had belief that they can get long term safety at islands of Florida Keys. They found a boat by raising an old rusty bridge powered by a very old generator at portside town Rayford. The machinery noise of the process alerted a horde of all types of infected. But then the generator gave out. Bill sacrificed himself to restart it so that the other three can reach at safety.

If you like up to this then surely you are going to like the game. If you have already played it then may be your liking may increase. Moreover you may feel oneness with the characters by role playing! :)
Finally time to write a more complete review (I will be editing this a few times) of l4d.

I got l4d in a no-steam version years ago, played on a 4 player italian server and loved the game directly, after a while i spend lots of time on an modded 8 player called |ELITE| this was back in the days version 1.0.1.4. when this server went down I started my own server and modding them.
nowadays [url=www.l4d-hero.nl]-=HERO=-[/url] (the community that got started) has 7 servers including 1x l4d2.

While l4d1 and 2 can be modded, yet I am talking about a vanilla game at this point. 

Why do i like/love this game is that the details, the gameplay (smoothness, way things move, design, charathers) are just very good.. you see they spend time in it to make it a good game, not what valve did with CC and Sacrifice, that was just lazyness.
Yet people will tell you that l4d2 has the same maps as l4d1, in a way they do, yet they are not the same, they used a few versus maps instead of the original ones to make it different, yet not in a good way.
In a while you will be able to download the l4d2 maps in l4d1 which makes it just an even better game that it is so you do not need to buy l4d2 ;)

The game gets more interesting when modding begins, while l4d2 has more options and run on a better engine then l4d1 iin my eye's it doesn't make it a better game.. 
Modding l4d1 bring lots of fun while it is easy and not to complicated, to make the game even more interesting.

A friend discovered that there are hidden upgrades in l4d1 that only can be achieved through plugin(s) [url=http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=121151183]Survivor Upgrades[/url]


All in all, I say get l4d1 over l4d2, when it is in a discount buy both and try it out.
Left 4 Dead is evil. It's gaming experience is dark, viserally frightening and frequently so intense that it will have you looking over your shoulder just to confirm there isn't a zombie behind you.

That is why it is so incredibly awesome!

So, without any further delay here are my top 10 reasons for why you should definitely buy Left 4 Dead:

1. The survivor characters are well thought out and very relatable.
2. The game has excellent replayability, even in campaign mode.
3. The achievements are carefully crafted, challenging and completely addictive.
4. It does what a zombie game should do: scare the crap out of you.
5. Multi-player is encouraged, rewarding but not always necessary.
6. The varying difficulty levels actually make a difference (just look at my hours on expert)
7. You can play as special infected in multiplayer mode!
8. The level and campaign design is amazing.
9. It's one of the best zombie FPS games ever.
10. It's just so much bloody fun!

My only criticism is that sometimes the available weaponry options feel restricted and limited, but that just adds to the challenge.

You don't just play Left 4 Dead, you experience Left 4 Dead.

So experience it today!
Nicely balanced, highly realistic, teamwork-oriented multiplayer game. Unique setting, good story, fine decorations. L4D2 might have more content, but it just feels wrong after L4D.
[h1]Left 4 Dead[/h1]
Originally released on the 17th of november, 2008, is Valve's first co-op zombie game. Originally developed by Turtle Rock Studios.
Now you may ask, "Why would I want to buy this game when it's ported in Left 4 Dead 2?". Well little Timmy, the reason is that Valve butchered it in Left 4  Dead 2. A lot of the levels are a lot easier due to more weapons, or harder due to more special infected. Certain character lines and events are missing, common infected look out of place, and so on. 
Honestly, I prefer only having 5 special infected. (Smoker, Hunter, Tank, Witch, Boomer.) The Spitter, Jockey, and Charger just seem so out of place in Left 4 Dead 2's Left 4 Dead campaigns. 
Anyway, to close things off, I do recommend this game. The community that still plays this game is quite small, but I still manage to find a game when I do play.
[h1]10/10. Buy L4D2 if you want more players, buy L4D if you want better gameplay (In my opinion)[/h1]
===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== 
☐ Kids
☐ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== 
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== 
☐ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== 
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium 
☑ Fast
☐ High end 
☐ NASA computer

===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== 
☐ You just need 2 arms 
☐ Ez
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☑ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls

===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== 
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[ ♬ Story] === 
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

===[ § Bugs ]=== 
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[ ✦ Others: ]=== 
Multiplayer: Yes
Singleplayer: Yes
I am happy to recommend this game, though I have to admit it's best to purchase the sequel instead. Why? Because currently it is priced around the same level and the sequel has all the campaigns from the previous game included! This means more than a dozen levels with continuous zombie shooting!

In any case, this, just like its sequel, is an excellent game. Although it was released more than 5 years ago I believe it aged well - the game still looks good thanks to the well-developed Source Engine. Years later Valve released many updated including DLCs that expand upon the campaigns - the latest, The Sacrifice, came out in 2010.

Left 4 Dead is a great game! It is a coop-based, action-oriented survival horror game. It is pure fun to get rid of the continuous hordes of zombies with friends game after game! A highly recommended game and not just for the fans of the genre!

[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/kaka9lag/recommended/ ] My Review :[/url]

[b] Rate [/b] : 11/10, would hug Tank and date witch! 

[h1] Game Information :[/h1]

Genre : Action, Survival Horror, FPS, Multiplayer, Co-op
Engine : Source 
Developer : Valve 
Platforms : Windows, Mac
Release Date : 17 Nov, 2008
Number of active players : 300-1000

Left 4 Dead or what we fans call 'L4D' is an action based horror FPS game developed by Valve in 2008. "Green Flu" a highly contagious virus causes extreme aggression, mutation to the body cells and loss of higher brain functions. Two weeks after the infection four immune survivors : Bill, a Vietnam veteran, Zoey, a college student; Louis, an IT analyst and Francis, an outlaw biker make their way through the city fighting infected, dangerous mutations. There are 2 types of infected, special infected like hunters, boomers, smokers and tanks and other type is common infected that aren't playable. There is one more special infected called 'witch', you can't choose her in Versus Mode. There are originally 20 maps and 10 weapons. Not all L4D1 achievements and maps are ported to L4D2. And not all of us play L4D2 as much as L4D1. So I recommend buying L4D Bundle, it better for you to decide which one is your type.

So there are 4 ways of playing this game : 

● Single/Offline Mode : You and three AI bots play through campaigns battling against hordes of common infected & 5 special infected through many chapters divided into smaller maps. 

● Multi/Co-op Mode : You and your 3 friends/online players play through campaigns battling against hordes of common infected & 5 special infected through many chapters divided into smaller maps. For the newbies, don't directly jump to expert servers as people there wouldn't care much to teach you what's right/wrong and will simply vote kick you. I'll cover this part at the end.

● Versus Mode lets you compete four-on-four with friends, either playing as a human trying to get rescued or as 4 playable special infected.

● Survival Mode : You survive in a closed area and hold out against the infected horde and special infected as long as possible and compare your stats with your friends. There are 3 medals : Gold, Silver and Bronze based on your survival time. 

This game requires you to work with your teammates and help them and get help in return. When you get pounced on by a hunter or get dragged by smoker or generally incapped by an infected, only your friends can revive you so make sure you treat them nicely. 

Only thing I see people complaining here is that they get vote kicked for not doing anything. Here is a list of things you should consider and follow to not get kicked by others. 

● If you see an incapped survivor, based on situation if its possible and easy to revive them then help them, don't simply leave them there. I know its called Left 4 Dead :D 

● Make sure you don't hurt your teammates. In case you hurt them, heal them with your kits or give them your pills [Pills Here!] Least you can do is apologize before they call a vote. 
 
 ●[i] Don't start the events. Events are those situations where you press a button or open the door and hordes rushes at you. Just wait for all players to arrive at that spot and make sure all are ready. If you really want to press those buttons then ask if they are ready and then start it.[/i]

● In the Versus Mode, it is important to work as a team. Since it is 4v4 (or same level), all the players have to incap all the survivors at the same time. One survivor is enough to ruin others attempt. you will likely get kicked if you stay apart or just roam around as an infected.   

● Don't change your team in Versus Mode, not just kicked, admin might ban you too. (Personal Experience :P) 

Even after following all the rules and you might still get kicked. Don't get disappointed if someone kicks you, even players with 1k hours still get kicked. Sometimes, people just kick you to help their friend get a slot or if you have very high ping.  

If you like my review, please upvote it so more people can read it. Groovy!

If you are interested, you can read the Left 4 Dead Comics over at http://www.l4d.com/comic/

[h1] Final Review :[/h1] 

This game is worth playing.
Simply one of the best games of the past 10 years for fun and value for money, If you like Zombies and shooting them with mates then this is for you as well as being a real challenge at time (settings dependent).

Play either Solo or as a 4 person team as well as a versus mode plus there are still server groups with upto 10 players coop and 8v8 versus to extend the playability even more.
Great game. I've been playing this game since May 2009. It's a great game where you can play as one of 4 survivors in the zombie apocalypse. It's very addictive. You can play co-op with people from all over the globe or single player.
Left 4 Dead is a CO-OP first person shooter game. The game uses Valve's well known Source engine, released in 2008.  

The game is set during the aftermath of an apocalyptic pandemic, you take control of one of four protagonists, which will be known as the "Survivors". They will be pitted against hordes of infected zombies in four different game modes, a single player mode which the three other characters are controlled by the AI. A co-op campaign mode,  an online versus mode and a four player survival mode. 

the game play focuses mainly on cooperation and working as a team. You will see all the regular features included in other FPS games, such as outlined teammates throughout the world, so you know where they are all the time. A cool feature which I found to be a nice surprise was if a member of your team were to fall off a ledge, they won't automatically plunge to their death, they will manage to hold onto the ledge and the other team members may go and "Help them up" much like you would do if you were healing them. 

The campaign mode has six levels, each containing anywhere between three and five individual chapters in them. Each of the chapters takes place in a set environment which allows the player to explore around to find little Easter eggs, pick ups - such as medi-packs, pain pills,  weapons and ammo. These points are supposedly randomly generated so each time you play, they will be scattered around in different spots. There are tons of rooms, tunnels and buildings to explore on every level, and there is no time limit either so you can roam around to your hearts content, provided you don't mind the odd zombie jumping out of the closet to try and eat your brains every now and again. 

Each of the Survivors are individually voice acted very well; and you can communicate with your team using quick menus. Some voice commands will sound off automatically such as when you are reloading, you'll let the rest of your team know so they can cover you. This to me was a small addition but added to the realism of the game. 

Throughout the game you will encounter a number of different zombies which have their own special attack or mutation, such as The Boomer, which is a bloated zombie that will spit bile onto the Survivors which attracts other zombies to your location. This again adds a lot of variety to the game so you don't feel as if you are just mowing through hoards of regular zombies all the time. 

The graphics, while are running on an engine which is a number of years old now, still look awesome, and games today sometimes struggle to present them selves as well as Left 4 Dead. Even with settings right the way down on low, it still looks impressive - meaning any rig or potato will be able to run this. 

I played the single player campaign on normal mode; while I had no real issues finishing the game, apart from the last level, I still was satisfied with the level of challenge which was on offer, I can imagine the hard and advanced levels will be completely mind fumblingly hard though. I tried to play the campaign mode online, but sadly there weren't many games available at the time, but it is something I really want to try just to experience the co-op side of things on this game. 

Pretty much every one owns Left 4 Dead already, and most will have probably already played it; but I really suggest people that haven't played it or at least purchased it but not tried it to play. You will not be disappointed and this is one of the classics of our generation that you need to experience. 

P.S - if anyone would like to have a play through the campaign with me, please add me or hit me up as I would welcome any opportunity to give it ago! 

If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at http://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/

http://store.steampowered.com/app/500/
--- 𝐆𝐀𝐌𝐄𝐏𝐋𝐀𝐘 ---
☑ Very good
☐ Fine
☐ Average
☐ Meh
☐ Playing on a mobile is more fun

--- 𝐒𝐓𝐎𝐑𝐘 ---
☐ The author must be a mastermind
☑ Good
☐ It‘s a story, indeed
☐ Uninteresting
☐ None

--- 𝐆𝐑𝐀𝐏𝐇𝐈𝐂𝐒 ---
☐ Reality looks like Minecraft
☐ Good
☑ Okay
☐ Meh
☐ Minecraft

--- 𝐀𝐔𝐃𝐈𝐎 ---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Good
☐ Listenable
☐ Ouch
☐ My ears are bleeding

--- 𝐁𝐔𝐆𝐒 ---
☑ Not a single one
☐ Some
☐ A bit too many
☐ Almost unplayable
☐ Unplayable

--- 𝐃𝐈𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐔𝐋𝐓𝐘 ---
☐ Dark Souls
☐ Hard
☑ Normal
☐ Easy
☐ An embryo could play it

--- 𝐆𝐑𝐈𝐍𝐃 ---
☐ Grind only
☐ A lot
☐ Some
☐ Almost none
☑ None

--- 𝐆𝐀𝐌𝐄 𝐓𝐈𝐌𝐄 ---
☑ over 100 hours
☐ 50 - 100 hours
☐ 20 - 50 hours
☑ 10 - 20 hours
☐ under 10 hours

--- 𝐏𝐂 𝐑𝐄𝐐𝐔𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐌𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐒 ---
☐ NASA would have problems playing it
☐ High
☐ Normal
☑ Low
☐ You could use your toaster

--- 𝐏𝐑𝐈𝐂𝐄 ---
☐ Too expensive
☐ Worth the high price
☑ Fine
☐ An apple is more expensive
☐ Free to play
[h1]The Game As An Individual[/h1]
Despite the likelihood of this game lookng simplistic to people who have yet to play Left 4 Dead the game is much more than that. Valve took the simple premise of a zombie apocalypse first-person shooter and added mechanics to make it more unique and interesting so it isn't a game where you just mow down endless hordes of zombies with nothing else to it (although you will be doing a lot of mowing down zombies).

First off it's multiplayer but instead of going against other players and comparing skills (although there is a versus mode) it requires teamwork. As in teamwork is not helpful in this game but rather it is absolutely vital to be able to survive with teamwork in this game. Special infected which are zombies with "special powers" will invetiably constrict or pounce teammates or yourself and the only way to break free of the grasp of special infected is to have a teammate help you out. (So basically without at least 1 teammate you're completely fυcked).

There are many other things to take into account while playing the game such as how much damage or how effective a certain gun will be in different maps and against different enemies, situations where it's appropriate to use pistols (unlimited ammunition) or primary weapons (limited ammunition), when to use pills (quick boost of health but health is only temporary) or a med kit (slower boost of health and health is permanent, so it will be a requirement for a teammate to cover their teammate while he or she is healing).

There are three modes to play through on this game which are campaign, survival and versus. Campaign is pretty straightforward: you progress through maps, kill zombies and special infected until you get rescued by a rescue vehicle near the end and there are four difficulties on this mode to suit to your skill level. There's versus mode which is essentially the campaign but this time players get to take control of the survivors and the special infected so the special infected team's job is to make it difficult as possible for survivors to survive and the survivors job is to try and get through and beat the level. Survival is the last mode and in my personal opinion the most fun especially if you have skillful players on your side. It requires the most strategy and teams need to formulate shooting positions for all teammates based on how much room they have to kill the infected and how far away ammo and resource runs are. Certain players are still attempting to break records on this map.

Which leads me to the biggest con of the game which isn't really the fault of the game itself but the community and not the fault of the community itself but rather the lack of community. While there still are active communities who still play the original Left 4 Dead they are in the rarity. Finding partners to play with particuarly as a newcomer is difficult and annoying. Relying on searching for online lobbies is near useless now since you probably will never find a group of people on and when you do they're already full. If you are an active player yourself you could post a comment saying "feel free to add me" to make it easier for people wanting to play with others. 

[h1]Comparison To Left 4 Dead 2[/h1]
The most prominent reasoning for this game receiving a "not recommended" review is usually because Left 4 Dead 2 has all the campaign and versus mode maps from here ported over with the addition of new maps exclusive to the sequel and it has increased choice for weaponary including melee weapons and more special infected. However in my personal opinion I prefer the original to the sequel, not to say the sequel isn't any good in fact it's definitely worth getting. The thing about this game is it has a different "feel" to it in terms of gameplay which I can't particuarly describe, this version just feels better. It's almost like Left 4 Dead was different in its approach to how it would be played while the sequel has adapted to the feel of modern shooters. 

Another plus is this game has better survival maps and the workload of zombies is much more bearable and reasonable instead of having a ton of special infected and tanks up your bum within the first minute of playing so this way you can go for much longer without constantly failing. But even if you like Left 4 Dead 2 better you have to admit the community is much less toxic than in the original and this is a huge positive on Left 4 Dead 1's behalf because seeing as it is a co-op game the community is an extremely important part of how enjoyable the game is going to be. Being a beginner or rather anything under being an expert player will have you kicked in Left 4 Dead 2 but the Left 4 Dead 1 community is much more supportive and friendly and will more than likely try to help you out and play with you regardless of skill level.

As for the characters they're more likable in this game in my opinion but I suppose that isn't really a valid reason since you can play as them on the maps in the L4D2. All in all I can't say for certain that I recommend this game to "you" because it depends who you are. If you absolutely loved Left 4 Dead 2 I recommend buying this game or if you want to pursue bigger feats like in survival and are considering becoming an expert player I recommend buying this game but if you're just looking for a game to play casually with friends then I would recommend the sequel over this. 

[spoiler]PS if you're an achievement hunter like me it gives you more incentive to perform certain challenges and makes playing the game feel more worthwile and rewarding. It's definitely a great game to complete, it's challenging but it isn't unbearably difficult.[/spoiler]
Left 4 Dead was released at a time when Valve was lacking Half-Life 2: Episode 3 for almost a year after it was promised. This game was made at an attempt to combine (No Pun Intended) their singleplayer and multiplayer into one game. It was about an infection known as The Green Flu taking over Fairfield/Philadelphia. The mechanics are fantastic, with different types of weapons, (Tier 1 and Tier 2 weapons followed by melee weapons in the game's sequel), and ways to heal yourself, such as PEELZ or Medkits (Although the pills are unrealistic along with being healed instantly with a medkit.) This game features 4 stars who each have varying characteristics. Bill, a retired veteran, fights the infection to protect the three new people he has met. His experience with weapons was from the army. Zoey, a former college student originally wanted to make horror films, specifically zombie movies, when the infection hit and then she found out she had been studying the right subject after all. Her time with weapons was spent with her father, Wade, as he was a police officer. Louis, a worker at a company that he only needs to keep their database up for them, is a nerd who likes games, (Team Fortress, Counter-Strike, and Half-Life at least [The game that he is in probably did not exist in their universe.]), knows some Japanese, and practices at a shooting range just because he wants to. Francis, someone who possibly was in a gang, is someone who hates a lot of things. His girlfriend became a zombie while he was making out with her. Special Infected, are special types of zombies tonight be suprised to see. You can see all of them in the intro Cutscene, but you might not see the Boomer even though you do see it at the start but it is already dead. Lines are good, well designed horde attacks and good special infected design, along with characterization and story and environment design. Overwhelming game, its amazing. I advise you all play it if you have not played it yet. It still stands as one of the greatest multiplayer games of all time. Thanks for reading! (As an extra, go to http://www.l4d.com/comic/ after completing the Blood Harvest campaign [The 5th one] and read parts 1-3 of this comic. After reading them, go back to the game and play the final campaign as Bill. After you complete it, go back to the site and read part 4. It makes sense after you do it.)
Left 4 Dead is the best zombie game you will ever play. It was the video game that got me into pc gaming. The replay value of this game is fantastic! I can play no mercy on expert everytime and have a completely different experience each time. If you haven't played it...you are missing out. I suggest you buy it. now. buy it right now. seriously, you won't regret it.
Why did I buy this game? Why did I buy it knowing that it was an incomplete game, knowing that [b]Left 4 Dead 2[/b] is everything this game is, plus more?

I'll tell you, I got it for [b]one[/b] reason. Because I want to see my own goddamn legs! And that's worth all the money in the world!
The zombie apocalypse is here and that's the entire story you need to know in this cooperative first-person shooter and all the story you're ever told. You play as 1 of 4 survivors (Zoey the college student, Bill the war veteran, Francis the biker, Louis the IT guy). The character doesn't seem to matter, it's just a different voice and skin. They will talk to alert you of things like health, weapons, reloading and where you should go next. Left 4 Dead is geared toward online multiplayer, but you can play solo through the game where your computer partners are competent enough, but need to be guided by you. Instead of online multiplayer where the other players seem to just run right through each level.

The controls are simple, point and click to shoot like any first person shooter, right mouse button is for melee for when foes swarm around you and they will. You have a long range weapon (shotguns, oozies, assault rifles and so on), a pistol (or 2) with limitless ammo, a medipack to restore your health or someone else's, pain pills that will temporarily give you a health boost and finally an explosive thrown weapon like a flaming cocktail or pipe bomb. You can jump or crouch for better weapon accuracy and that's it. The combat feels very limited because of this.

The big drawing point to the game is some sort of smart engine called the director that will generate random zombies to come at you, so no play through is the same twice. Such as a zombie that was at point A of your first play through might be a wall of zombies or no zombies, or a female zombie in your next play through. These zombies will race toward you after a few moments of shuffling their feet that might result in your terror, but an entire game of zombies running to you gets old very quickly. Zombies can climb up areas, go under truck trailers and the animations are good in general. Weapons and ammo scattered outside of safe rooms will not be in the same place twice.

The game is broken into campaigns and levels that you can access any one at any time. The campaigns are brief and really take you out of the action when you need to load a new campaign after completing one. The levels have good atmosphere, dark, spooky, but it gets old very quickly. Most every level feels the same with generic buildings, generic exteriors, generic trucks.

Between the levels are safe rooms. Leave a safe room and make it to the next safe room to cap off the level. Then at the end of the level, you see your score and how you did against the other players. Who killed the most zombies, who took the most damage. Stuff like that.

To be honest it's not that good. It feels very one dimensional. Within the first few levels, you've seen all the game has to offer. You will quickly see all of its small variety of enemies zombies run straight at you, witches that stay huddled until you put a light on them, stalkers pounce on you until you are saved, smokers use a tongue to strangle you until you are saved and explode smoke, exploders that vomit on you and tanks that can throw you and take a giant amount of punishment. You will really need to rely on others for survival. The computer players will be very willing to help you, but the players in multiplayer may not be as willing or can't when you've been left behind or gone ahead.

That's it. The game isn't very long and for a game that touts its random enemy generator, it doesn't make me want to replay the game again and again. Combat is simple, enemy variety is lacking, but the game plays very smooth. Essentially left for dead is about mowing down tons of zombies and if that's your thing, this is the game for you. If you need puzzles in your FPS or weapon depth, it's not for you.
If you're anything like me (and judging by the sales of books like World War Z and The Zombie Survival Guide, you are), you spend a good portion of each and every day wondering what a zombie outbreak might be like, and most importantly, how to survive it. Now that L4D has hit shelves, we no longer need to wonder.

As it stands, L4D has few real faults, if any. Its gameplay is typical Valve, which is to say it's been polished to a glimmering sheen. No other game before this one has captured the teamplay aspect quite like L4D, resulting in an absolutely thrilling and utterly fun experience, whether you're playing with friends or strangers. It's easy to get into and gets more rewarding the deeper you go. And while L4D certainly isn't a long game any way you look at it, it has replay value far surpassing that of any game I have ever seen, Valve has another winner on its hands with Left 4 Dea
I don't know what to say, this game brought me here. A gr8 example of using the game's full potential. Give a chance to the classic, now that it's cheap, see how it all started or just pay your respect to Valve. I loved it, I still do and I always will. No number can rate this, it's a heart-case for me.
Main differences between L4D and L4D2:

1. You can see your character's legs.
2. Shotguns have 128 shells in reserve.
3. Survivors ragdoll upon death.

These are the only reasons to play the original.
There are such games which don't differ an interesting plot or a gameplay, but remain in the hearts of players on long and for many years. One of the brightest representatives of such peculiar exception to the rules - Left 4 Dead shooter from the Valve company. All game consists of four (a standard set) big missions which are subdivided into five collateral. Everyone begins and comes to an end in special shelter where players can take breath. Any the check points on a course of passing of collateral missions - lost - be so kind as since the beginning. It adds also a headache and the aggressive drive, especially when you play on the maximum complexity, and opponents, well very strong and cunning. In such rooms always there is an opportunity to dolly up wounds, to take the new weapon, to fill up quantity of cartridges or to take a bomb with Molotov's cocktail. Here such here game)) (This my opinion and it can not coincide with yours).
Joined into a multiplayer lobby

Relized it was on expert

Tank instantly around the corner 

1 hit killed and launched into space

Installed mods 

Gaben is now tank throwing 75% offs at me

10/10 Would summer sale again




Absolutely a great game, full of zombies to kill, hours of endless fun especially in online coop mode. Lack of more weapons is a small minus but this game is definitely worth your time.
Left 4 Dead (L4D) is a co-op zombie apocalypse first-person shooter that uses VALVe's famous, but dated, Source engine. Well developed, straight-forward gameplay, L4D features everything that you would expect from a zombie shooter. The game is focused on its multiplayer aspect, but also includes single player campaign. L4D does have some shortcomings such as a limited selection of weapons and predictable enemy spawning. Still, L4D has become a sensation and a standard for zombie-styled co-op.
One of the best Co-op Zombie FPS games I've ever played, online multiplayer is always fun, L4D3 must become reality come on Valve :)
Just buy this game, you won't regret it.
My oppinion:
The game feels much more concrete than Left 4 Dead 2, and it shows as the first game took over two years to make, while the second only took about a year.
The characters are much more likeable.
The smaller amounts of infected make the game feel more balanced and enjoyable.
The campaigns have more replay value, minus Blood Harvest. The Left 4 Dead 2 campaigns are nice, but the huge panic events aren't very fun after the fourth or fifth play through.
The FOV isn't so ridiculously low, that you can't even see your whole gun.
You can see your feet. Well, this isn't that big of a deal, but it was unique and cool. People were pissed off when they found out that Left 4 Dead 2 didn't have this.

The Most Fun Game I Had
Mostly Playing as Bill
"HAY!" "I'm Down!"
"Death Scream"
"I'm Swipping Pull Me Up!"
"Witch!" "Hunter!" 
"Tank! " "Smoker"
Spamming Radio Messages are Fun in Game.
Other players reactions makes my day.
Get this game. It is a must have.
If you prefer more alive game get Left 4 Dead 2.
But in Left 4 Dead 2 you can't swim or bind vocalization
commands like this game. If you want more fun you 
should buy Left 4 Dead. Sure thing Left 4 Dead 2 is fun too.
Great Game Anyways.
10/10
Highly Recommended!

EDIT: Sometimes you will feel abandoned
while trying to find a game. Checking online campaign,
versus or survival. You'll see empty wall. and also
you will see 500 players or more as online. In this case
you need to open Developer Console.
To Enable Developer Console,
Enter Options Menu > Click Keyboard&Mouse Options
You'll find it there. When you enabled Developer Console
you need to type this to developer console.
" openserverbrowser " Yup. That's It. You'll see huge
entire server lists. You can join a server from there.
Third party servers mostly but sure you'll have fun.
Have Good Game!
What can i say ... 

After all of thoses years, this game is still amazing. The graphic is good, the teamplay isn't cancer like in csgo, and people are generaly very kind with begineers and you can make friends playing this. Scary at the begining but you slowly adapt yourself so you will not be scary every time you play but you can still be surprise at some moment xD

Fun + Teamplay 

The two words for describing it :)
Don't think and buy, the community is still big on it :)
[b]My personal favorite game of all time.[/b] 

It's absolutely fun when you play it with friends. Even if you don't have friends to play with, it's very easy to make a friend on Left 4 Dead by just being nice/using teamwork. That's all. 

Teamwork is key. Even when you join a random game on your own, people will still use teamwork. Just don't rush; you WILL die. A Smoker will lick your *ss. 
[b]You have to co-operate with your team![/b] That's what I like so much about this game.
The AI Director will try to punish you for going solo by having the (special) infected target you.

Left 4 Dead is a very dynamic game as well. It never gets repetitive because of the AI Director spawning guns, items, ammo and (special) infected on different places, depending on the situation. 

The characters are perfect and the way they interact with eachother is a really fun and nice touch. I like them all, but my favorite is Louis. Because [b]PEELZ.[/b]

The game only has a few guns (6, with pistol included), but the gunplay feels silky smooth. 
Especially because of the satisfying gore L4D has. Spraying with an autoshotgun through a horde of infected feels niiice.

I don't know about you, but animations are a very important part in a game for me.
Third person animations in L4D1 are smooth unlike in L4D2 whereas it is choppy. You may think that this is just a miniscule thing but you will definitely notice this if you've played both L4D1 & 2 for a while.

I personally think that the Jockey in L4D2 is an absolute b*llsh*t of an infected. He has the most jacked up hitbox ever. The hitbox is WAY infront of him than his actual model. 
L4D1 doesn't have the Jockey so that's another reason of buying L4D1 over 2. (lol)

People tend to think that there are no differences between Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2.
A lot of them also say that L4D1 is not worth buying anymore only because L4D2 has L4D1's campaigns. And yes, this is true, but Valve has changed the layout of the original campaigns in L4D2. Certain buildings are gone/changed, certain pathways are gone/changed, certain holdout spots are gone/changed, etc. Also, L4D1 has this gritty and dark atmosphere and really embraces the feeling of being set in a apocalypse with the help of dark maps, whereas L4D2's atmosphere is brighter and less serious. Valve went with a more comedic style in L4D2. This is mostly noticeable if you listen to the quotes that the characters say in-game.

[b]All in all, Left 4 Dead is an amazing co-op first person shooter that's fun, easy to get into, and takes a while to master. I've been playing this game since 2009 and I'm still playing almost daily. L4D2 is amazing as well, don't get me wrong. I just think that L4D2 is inferior to L4D1 and that people should give L4D1 a chance. Even though L4D1 has the same price tag as L4D2, it's so much worth it. Definitely recommended to play with friends.[/b]

[b]Left 4 Dead - 10/10[/b]
[b]Left 4 Dead 2 - 8.5/10 (Mods are fun though)[/b]

[i]- Calamity[/i]
This is such a nice co-op game. Most of the people on Steam have Left 4 Dead 2 due to the free giveaway, but I can say I am lucky to have this and L4D2. This game, while not being highly modable like L4D2, still has the gameplay we have come to accept and love. We all love this game. People who play this game are usually older players, people who had this before L4D2 came out. This game takes Left 4 Dead to its roots, where it was more about the gameplay and teamwork. This game also comes with the Sacrifice, which is a really nice plus. You should all play this game. Add me if you want to learn this game better.
nothing beats the classic no truer words have been spoken.
i play l4d2 but i do enjoy what l4d1 has just as much.
i play l4d2 for laughs and good times and i play l4d1 for creepy atmosphere and a great time ^^
Another hit by Valve.

If L4D and L4D2 went up against each other, L4D2 would definitely win due to it containing more content for the player to enjoy, however, there are certain aspects that L4D has that L4D2 doesn't, such as character development. L4D2 doesn't have that family vibe when it comes to the main four, in the first game, the survivors are always chattin and throwin jokes at each other, while the second game's characters just seems more 'memey'.

L4D also has better maps/settings in my opinion, it's always dark and cloudy and there's a certain vibe you get throughout playing the whole game, not saying that L4D2's maps are utter shit or anything but shooting zombies in the daylight rather than at night just doesn't feel right to me (yes I know there are a couple of levels/maps where it is dark but some are sunny which I just don't enjoy)

Overall, it's a fun game with plenty of replay value, even if it is 9 years old.
"PILLS HERE"
"Game over man! Game over!"
"WITCH"
"I hate hospitals...and doctors and lawyers and cops"
Literally a funny zombie shooting sim
Left 4 Dead 2 is more active but we'll always nod our hats towards who came first
While Left 4 Dead 2 has the original maps ported into it, the original has a much greater apocalyptic ambience than its successor. But most importantly, you don't have to deal with the jockey in the original L4D. 10/10
This is a classic, awesome strategy FPS.  It perfectly blends teamwork and everything you love about FPS.  The special infected mix it up and create new and interesting dynamics constantly. This game never gets old for me! :)
I've been playing this game for 10 years (on the Xbox 360) and I have never gotten sick of it. It's a great game to play with friends. It's fun to mess around, play campaigns, survival, and versus, sometimes with cheats too. The ambiance is what sets it apart from Left 4 Dead 2. This will always be my favorite game.
I've had this for quite awhile now, I'm not even sure how'd I get 1000+ hours. It had less than 10 campaigns but somehow replaying them was still fun, maybe it was the friends or the random people met, they were all nice suprisingly; Left 4 Dead will always be the game I'll look back to and say, damn how did I play this much?
A counter-strike clone that encourages strong team-work and has a great atmsphere.

Pros:
- lots of zombie killing
- lots of zombie killing
- plays like a VHS movie
- lots of zombie killing
- achievements

Cons:
- superceded by sequel - you don't need this version.

Summary:
Select your hero from a cast of generic stereotypes and work as a team to survive missions. Each mission has goals, checkpoints and waves of zombies, including witches, fat-zombies and ranged-zombies. A run-and-gun survival classic with some nice quirks. Teh sequel effectively contains all of the content of the original - so you can play the sequle without feeling you have missed too much - except the Steam achievements of course. A great multi-player experience nontheless.

8/10: it is a real hoot to play, a glorious one-trick pony but with some surprising depths and tactics required.


[h1]All [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/boyflea/][i]boyflea[/i][/url] reviews can be found at [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33138741-Good-Indie-Free-Game-Reviews/][b]Good Indie Free Game Reviews[/b] [/url][/h1]

https://store.steampowered.com/app/717190
I absolutley love the L4D series!!! I started with L4D2, but when I noticed that L4D was on sale, I figured that I'd go for it!! Yes, the exact same campaigns are also in the second game, but I really enjoy seeing what the special infected originally looked like, the gameplay, weapons, and how each campaign looked (some minor differences, of course)!
The game still holds up to this day. It may not be more weapons and or other types of stuff than its Sequel (Left 4 Dead 2) But it is still holds a place in my heart.
Still waiting for Left 4 Dead III tho. I am not giving up on that third installment
Left 4 Dead 1 is a great game, but there's no reason to buy it since all the maps, weapons, characters are in L4D2 along with NEW content including the ability to mod using steamworkshop. 

That's right, you get all of L4D1 in L4D2, no DLC, no nonsense. I'm not sure what the downvotes in the community are for, the review system is in place asking if you "Recommend someone to buy this game" and no, I don't, I wouldn't point someone at L4D1 since...again the sequel contains this game and more. So go get that game instead.

Edit: Since some people can't understand the review I wrote, I'll ellaborate,

Left 4 Dead is a great game, it really is and I've had a lot of fun with it. The trouble is that this game, the entire game, all of it, is in the sequel L4D2 for free and it costs the same and comes with far more content including intergrated mod support. Look, I played the game for 60 bloody hours, I have a physical copy, I have both games- I'm not just saying 2 is better for subjective reasons it has the content of 1 and an entirely new game's worth of content. 

So no, I don't reccomend it when the sequel is the same cost and you get more including 1's content.
Just wanna quickly say, Left 4 Dead is incredible. The absolute only reason I don't recommend this is because Left 4 Dead 2 offers all the content of this game, new content and better graphics for the same price. Go get Left 4 Dead 2 instead of this. It's so worth it
Unfortunately i won't recommend that game and suggest you to buy L4D2 instead since it has all of L4D1 contents and more content, plus the new L4D2 content, better graphics and workshop support.
