Tl:dr    7/10 The game is fun but challenging.

/* 
*  As a quick edit, I have only played the open world game mode.
*  I apologize for any confusion this may have caused. 
*/ 

The game isn't easy. My experience with it has been about what I expected, and since so many reviews aren't very helpful, I will try to be. 

1. Community is what you'd expect from any game like this.

-Pros will kill you for the can of soda you picked up a second prior.

-Noobs will kill you on sight to level up their characters.

-Everyone else either wants to team, or collect items for their global storage.

2. Game play is different than most games I have played.

-There is a global storage system that allows players to go into a server with an arsenal they like or have previously survived with.

-You can make groups with friends or clans to work together against others or solo it and still be just as effective.

-Super zombies will relentlessly chase you if they are aggroed and unprepared players will die every time.

-Upon death you drop all items and are forceably removed from the server. Then you must either pay in game currency to wind down the timer, or simply wait a few minutes to respawn. To bypass this entirely, you could make multiple characters.

-Upon spawning back in it is possible to find your dropped items, but getting to them before another player does is unlikely.

3. In game currency.

-there are two types of ingame currency: real money and zombie money. While probably not their actual names, zombie money is obtained by killing stuff and is generally above 50$ per kill. The highest I have gotten so far is $1248 for killing a zombie with a melee headshot. Both currencies can be used to buy everything except skins, which require real money or to randomly find them in game to earn.

Many people have downvoted this game for some of the things I listed, but I personally think this is one of the better pvp experiences I've had in a good while. My opinion may change in the future, but these are my thoughts so far. I hope that this review was helpful to you.
Synapses of game:

1) Spawn in, realise how slowly you move
2) Start collecting stuff
3) Find a lot of stuff
4) Get killed by someone with a sniper
5) Uninstall game
This game will be boring playing alone. You enter the world with nothing and you build on that. You have the option for PvE servers if you dont like getting killed by players. Overall this is a small fun game to play. Dont expect high standards of this game. A few bugs but nothing serious. You have the option to buy into the game or grind. A few pros are being different, small friendly community, large maps, customiation, gun options, grouping. Some cons are slow start, need money to travel, poor spawning locations, graphics, when you die you log from the server. All in all for a free zombie apocalyse game it is fun to play. After all worst case scanerio you delete the game.
I'm gonna post a honest review, as objectively as I can, because I, as well, have been with this title since the beginning and how it all went went south REALLY hard, which I will in no way defend.

That being said, the reason I recommend is, is that while because the game is far from perfect, it has a special place for me, merely because of how much enjoyment I get out of it with friends.

That being said, WARNING: DO NOT EXPECT A PROPER ZOMBIE SURVIVAL GAME WITH BASE BUILDING AND HUGE PVE AND LOOT ASPECTS. THIS GAME IS FAIRLY PVP FOCUSED AND YOU WILL SEE THIS IN THE LOOT SPAWNS FOR EXAMPLE. Do not go in expecting the ''next best thing'', because it's not and you'll be disappointed.

The loot drops are abundant. You'll find guns very easily. You'll find bullets very easily. Looting is barely a chore, but to me, still very fun. You can decide to store it all in your global inventory or you can do it mostly like I do; loot a lot, but keep it all on you so when you die (and you will), you'll have to loot all over again instead of being decked out in elite gear right from minute 1. I only keep a few things in my global inventory, like ammo and snipers.  The loot is so abundant because it's primarely a PvP game. I thought I would've disliked it, but it's not all that bad. The beginner servers are ridiculous loot wise, it's a bit better on the normal servers, but you won't have a hard time finding them.

The anticheat they have in place so far seems to work. Is it flawless? Probably not but barely any anticheat these days is. Even huge AAA titles get hacked, so the fact it stops 99% of the hacks is pretty damn good and I haven't encountered one yet so far.

These are DIFFERENT developers that bought the license from the previous devs/publishers. This is why they are listed as the publishers, but they do not actually control any of it. They've had an agreement on the license, nothing more. They do not hold any strings, because if they did, trust me it wouldn't be as free2play as it is now.

Pay2Win?
No, this game is not. Everything you can buy in the shop, you can buy with either in game currency or just loot it. The ONLY things you can buy with real life money are skins and even those are found in game. You cannot buy guns in the shop. You can buy ammo, but only with in game currency and it's not even expensive. You get a huge amount of dollars per zombie kill, so farming is worth it for that alone. There's barely nothing I haven't been able to buy, but i've actually did not buy a single thing in the shop, not even premium. So far i'm 100% free2play and it's EXTREMELY easy to loot. So people calling this pay2win has lost all meaning to the word pay2win and will slap it on anything that has a cash shop. To them even World of Warcraft is pay2win because you can buy a level 100 character. Or battlefield. Or any other game with microtransactions.

This game isn't for everyone, i'll admit that. It'll be left with a very experienced veteran community player base that will make your life hell in game. It's not beginner friendly if you're not going in with the idea that you want to learn the game. If you want a loot based survival game, this will probably not be for you. However, do you want a PvP game with actually solid mechanics (even this you can argue about, but it's all opinions) while you have to loot for food and guns/ammo on the side? This game could possibly be it for you.

Graphical wise, this game isn't good. I mean I wouldn't go as far as to say it's the most ugliest game ever, but it certainly isn't thát pretty. It has a lot of missing textures, the animations are clunky and overall leaves a lot to be desired to. Graphical wise this game hasn't improved much if any, but hey, let's face it, we all didn't buy minecraft for the graphics either, now did we? Or played runescape because it's ''so pretty''? While it's not the ugliest game out there, it's very noticeable that graphical wise, the game is unfinished and if you're a graphic whore, you'll be extremely annoyed at it. Hell, even I was a bit and usually graphics (considering the gameplay is nice, that is) don't bother me too much. But be warned, graphically you'll probably dislike it if you care about it a lot.


Long story short; it's a game with a long, bloody history and while I totally understand people steering away from it, I encourage you to jump in with a friend and try it for a few hours. I am fairly confident you'll be put into an exciting situation that'll leave your heart racing, because despite all the hate, despite the fact the game is currently merely a fan made game, it brought me one of the best moments in gaming in general and not many games have been able to do that for me. If you want a PvP based game with looting on the side and farming zombies on the side, you might enjoy it. Just do not expect this perfect survival zombie shooter with PvP on the side, because that is NOT what it is. It's not for everyone.
At least this version of the game actually works, unlike the original version and support is actually there when you email them unlike the shit show the original developers were and at least the new developers are actually trying to fix the game or at the very least keeping it running without anything that causes the game to crash ingame or at start up.
It is a fun game to play but you need to remember several things when playing or you will end up like the other angry reviews.

1. Its a free to play game. It is not a triple A game and has tons of issues and sometimes you will want to just turn everything off and watch Family Guy but if you give it a chance and get past the start, it is interesting

2. It's a hoarding game. You spawn into the forest and need to get as much supplies as possible, leave game to store, then join again and repeat until you feel like you have the supplies you need. I personally have tons of simple weapons for PVP purposes. Players dont realize that you WILL die and lose things you loved, so stash more so you can come back.

3. You just need to kill players. Sadly you never know whos a friend and who is not so, although douchey, its a part of the game. I personally just try to join servers with less players and scout areas out before i go in.

4. YOU need to make the game. The devs give you tools and game modes but you need to figure out what makes it fun for you. Dont join and only hoard stuff then say the game is boring because thats all it is. if you only do 1 thing, thats all it is for you. Join high pop. servers and player hunt or play the royal mode and try to survive to the end.

5. Take your time. This is not a run and gun zombie game like left for dead. Fire fights with players can take seconds or minutes and you may die without firing a shot. My cousin and i mainly play together and we often end up in a situation where one of us is killed in seconds from an ambush and the other is stuck behind a car trying to figure out whats going on. We have 5 second encounters where we run into a player or 2 and we have 15 minute pot shot fights with a single player.

Dont try to make the game something its not and dont expect the game to do everything for you.
Okay. So I've got 10 hours into the game. At first, it was a rough start. At this stage, I think I could claim Infestation as a simplified, cheaper version of the Arma II Dayz mod. Dayz lite. And, for a *FREE* game, it's damn good, imo. Damn good. It was completely what I was looking for. However. Food is especially scarce in this game. Especially scarce. I might want to support the development, as well, because of how well I think they did with the game. However, I did have a couple issues lagging up and the game freezing. 2 times out of 10 hours.

There is also a real sense of anxiety when you see other players. "Are they a good guy? Are they a bad guy? Will they shoot me or give me medical supplies?" I love that aspect. It's not all player killers, not in PvE, anyway. A player gave me, like, 15 medical supplies and food when I was injured. Though, you definitely still want to be careful if you hear gunfire.l It's fun to run around meeting people, and the in-game voice chat is cool. Though, it kind of sucks that when you're in a group, you can't really voice chat to them privately. When you talk, everyone in proximity will hear you, which makes operations a bit problematic.

Another issue is that groups are limited to 3, so I was told by a player. I'm not sure what reasoning they had for this, since cars can fit 6-9 people in them.

I googled the game and saw there used to be a bunch of spawn killers who would camp on spawnpoints and kill new players. Thankfully, temporary invincibility (I think), solves that issue. I haven't been spawn killed, at all.

You'll spend most of your time running around trying to find food and liquid. [And of course, killing zombies and either avoiding or teaming up with players--or killing them on sight, if you're a jerk] It's a bit ironic to me that guns and military grade vests are much, much, much easier to find than food. It was very frustrating to me, starting out. And I get it. Zombie Apocolypse. Most of the food has been eaten.

But, have most of the animals been eaten, too? All of the plant life? Adding in some alternate sources of food wouldn't hurt, imo. In addition, your character will starve to death in, like, an hour gametime. Maybe sooner, I haven't timed it. This equals like, maybe a day in-game. More like half a day, if you ask me. Now. Starving to death due to not eating for half a day--or even two days--doesn't really make sense to me. So it was quite irritating. As you gain experience points, you can invest in skills which allow you to last longer without food. My advice is kill as many zombies as you can, because, it seems that killing is the only way to gain experience. First skill you buy is in the survival tree, so you can last longer without food.

My first few attempts were riddled with irritation at being unable to find food.

Also. There are car spawn locations. There *are* vehicles. And if you know where to find them--like major cities--it makes travel around the map MUCH easier. However, most of the vehicles are just for looks. Which I found a bit unfortunate, but I get it, I guess. You'll notice the specific cars which don't work, and the specific ones that do. Googling would help, as well.

One other issue I have with the game is how difficult zombies are to kill. It takes around 125 body shots, unarmed, to kill them. Okay, that makes some sense. I couldn't really tell you could aim for the head. It takes 4-10 knife stabs to the head to kill a typical zombie. I suppose this makes some sense for a game's purposes, and it definitely makes zombies a dangerous thing. It was still a bit irritating having to stab a zombie 10 times in the head for it to die. You'll want to be cautious. Some also run faster than you. Thankfully, all zombies except Super Zombies die with one headshot with a firearm.

I think I might be playing this game a lot more. I don't really understand why it has mixed reviews. In my book, this is a gem for a free game. You don't have much to lose giving it a shot. I would just recommend playing for at least 5-10 hours, so you can get over the small learning curve.
No one wants to pay 120$ for a 3 months of a 10 slot server, that is crazy, you should work on a more affordable model, would maybe bring people into the game if it was affordable to have private servers, keeping the cars out of the regular game is also a bad idea, no one cares for walking simulators, fix these three things = fix the game
Fun game to play with friends, tons of hours spent roaming and trying to find each other, and all sorts of stuff.

The game could use an update on more Zombie Textures, I didn't count but it seems like the game revolved around either 6 or 10 zombie models. Could be more, but the looks become repetitive, and you notice quite quickly a few hours in the game.

The zombie AI also have a few things that should be reworked on.

Mostly the main threat in the game is other players, but would be enjoyable if you made it harder for the players against zombies. Cause after investing a few hours in the game to scavenge loot and depositing them in the G.I. (Global Inventory) You get pretty stacked, and zombies do really little to no threat to you afterwards.

Along with more zombie animations, since they mostly have these sets of animations:
Walk, Run, Punch, Crawl/Dash?.

Pretty much it, along with the super zombie who just kindaaa punches  you as he's chasing you.

Feels like a type of MMORPG that has all these sorts of enemies in the game but they only do like 1 or 2 animations.
But the problem is that Infestation doesn't /have/ all sorts of enemies. It has a few zombie textures, and one super zombie.




Fun side:
+ Fun with friends
   + Exploration
   + Scavenging
   + Using fences and sandbags to try and create makeshift bases.
   + Trying to win back the items you've lost from people that killed you literally 5 minutes ago.
   + Watching your friends get scared cause its their first time playing.

Downside:
- Repetitive after a few hours.

- Killing zombies does not feel rewarding.
  - They become repetitive.
  - Zombie textures are limited.
  - Zombie animations are limited and vague.
  - Too easy to kill after a few hours of play.
  - AI isn't really the best and could use a few tweaks.

- Super Zombies also suffer from the zombie's problems
  - Few animations, only punches. (That's it)
  - Easy to corner and kill.
  - Not that great of an AI.
  - Not too rewarding after killing a few times. (The loot is plentiful - at most. But sometimes players look for a sense of accomplishment after defeating a boss in a game. The Super Zombie becomes too easy that it doesn't give that feeling.


Don't mind me just reviewing for fun.

Don't expect too much from the game, if you want to have fun!

Cheers, and enjoy~


I love open world pve and the p2p market, the 4 maps, the looting, the events, the skins, the zombies, the dragstar cars, the weapons, the servers, Fredaikis, the supporters, the community & & & !

The pvp is also very good, but i prefer to stay away from the fast finger guys.
One of the best, if not the best free game on steam. Highly recommend if you are looking for a survival game or just something to do with friends of just by yourself.
The truth about NewZ
So, you guys are wondering who are the creators of this meme right?

Fredaikis is a Swedish guy who comes from a shady background, this guy has been releasing cheating tools for games like Infestation Survivor Stories, Counter Strike : Global Offensive and so long, in short for too long he has been ruining the things that we all love and we all paid for.

Later, the full source code for both client and server for Infestation was released, the game was dying and Fredaikis was part of the reason why, and he knew it. He saw a business opportunity here and released NewZ. But he wasn't happy with his community, it was still too small. His only option was to ruin all his competition, hence he started releasing cheating tools for all the competing emulators, while keeping his own protected from said tools. This ruined dozens of Infestation emulators, but with the fan base the game had, some were not yet done with it, hence NewZ started to grow.

Hammerpoint Interactive, who has been a controversial company from the beginning, was taking a huge hit in their income and they eventually started cutting on their investments for servers, Infestation Survivor Stories is dead by now, just with a few dozen servers in North America. Players have been scammed all around. The game was removed from Steam for blatant false advertisement, its name was taken down on copyright grounds against World War Z trademark owners, they blatantly stole artwork from AMC's The Walking Dead, didn't even bother hiring a lawyer to write their software Terms of Service, so they just copy pasted from Riot Games' League of Legend and were caught doing so once again, not to mention all their shameful community interactions, ranging from Sergey Titov calling "♥♥♥♥♥♥s" to its players on his own public forum. Thankfully I have gotten my refund from Hammerpoint, so I have nothing really against them, but I know many people who fallen for this scam since shortly after I've gotten my refund they stopped issuing them and never gotten their money back.
Anyway, Hammerpoint was still not done juicing this rushed copied concept of theirs, they've sold the rights to distributing their game to Fredaikis after seeing no other option to keep profiting from their software, they've literally given out their game to some teenager who ruined theirs. Fredaikis founded Fredaikis AB and now is distributing Infestation: New Z, yet he hasn't stopped its illegal practises and is still breaking every Intellectual Propriety protection law copying textures from Valve's Counter Strike Global Offensive amongst other equally serious offences.


Yet and anyway I believe you fanboys won't believe half of this probably, to you Fredaikis is just some kind of saviour, when in fact he's nothing but a nasty teenager criminal and should be stopped at all cost, here's some proof to you guys.

http://i.imgur.com/ko6DHIJ.png <- Here we can see this steam account of his linked to the Greenlight item he submitted to steam.
http://i.imgur.com/fbZOqtx.png <- Here we can see that account has a VAC ban, but it gets funnier :)
http://i.imgur.com/Dtjc4i3.png <- Quick search for his name on Google, here's a post he makes on a cheating forum publishing a tool that has ruined Hammerpoint Interactive's Infestation Survivor Stories, thousands upon thousands of people have downloaded this.
http://i.imgur.com/3opLQvF.png <- Over 39000 people have downloaded JUST his latest version of this tool, hundreds of thousands more have downloaded his previous versions all combined, if the number doesn't reach over a million. Now you can see why there were so many cheaters on Infestation. 
http://i.imgur.com/G2xiM7B.png <- But he was not done yet. No. He had to ruin his competition at all, getting all people to play NewZ :)
http://i.imgur.com/g5SuVd4.png <- But wait, he still had to try to ruin Counter Strike:Global Offensive didn't he? Shameless prick........

YouTube™ Video: [LET'S HACK CS:GO] [Counter Noob v1.1] Kill Montage Obama vs BinLaden ft. Linusl98 
Views: 44,483
Download: http://www.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/122648-counter-noob-v1-1-esp-hitbox-aimbot-radar-hack.html Enjoy!, and don't forget to sub for the latest hacks and other...
<- He even published the video advertising his cheating tool on his original youtube channel, that he has used to publish NewZ related stuff.
http://i.imgur.com/jS5UF9E.png <- Here we can see his youtube channel name, a link to a cheating forum and his subscriber count.
http://i.imgur.com/8pcXJHC.png <- All checks out on his NewZ video, he's so lazy he didn't even make a new identity to publish this stuff lmao
http://i.imgur.com/SfwRfqm.png <- Finally, he has been deleting all comments like this from his Greenlight page, because people come in here to down vote it and give their negative feedback, and there's people who never heard of NewZ who also come to its Greenlight page, people who he is hoping to give them Greenlight but wouldn't if they knew all the TRUTH about this illegal project of his.

First they make you pay for Infestation: Survivor Stories Classic, they shut down their servers and run with the money. Now they've decided to take your money with false advertising in their new scheme. New developers? My ***. The moderator I dealt with and his friend were constantly harassing this review. I had to delete several comments.

Friend = http://steamcommunity.com/id/ProbablyDead_
Moderator = http://steamcommunity.com/id/goretekz

The player base is more toxic than Dota 2.
This is how Infestation: The New Z treats its customers.

-----

Infestation: The New Z > General Discussions > Topic Details
 
Insanity has Infestation: The New Z 48 minutes ago
Paid Premium - No Revive Time
Is there a particular reason Premium Accounts aren't getting instant respawns? It clearly says no revive time and this is the /ONLY/ reason I upgraded my account.
Last edited by Insanity; 43 minutes ago

The author of this topic has marked a post as the answer to their question.
Click here to jump to that post.
Originally posted by goretekz:
I'm sorry you feel that way. I will make sure that it's updated as the store page was done way before Survival was added.

Showing 1-5 of 5 comments
 
goretekz  Moderator 19 minutes ago 
Are you playing Survival or Open World? The Survival regular revive time is 10 minutes. Premium is 5 minutes. Open World should have no timer. If you have a respawn time in Open World please make a support ticket @ playnewz.com/support.php.
#1
 
Insanity  has Infestation: The New Z 11 minutes ago 
I'm playing Survival. It doesn't say "Survival takes five minutes." It says "No revive time." Period. Waste of $5 and false advertising if you ask me.
#2

The author of this thread has indicated that this post answers the original topic.
 
goretekz Moderator 7 minutes ago 
I'm sorry you feel that way. I will make sure that it's updated as the store page was done way before Survival was added.
#3
 
goretekz Moderator 6 minutes ago 
And having half the revive time make a huge difference.
#4
 
Insanity has Infestation: The New Z 3 minutes ago 
Doesn't help me much does it? Enjoy the review.
Last edited by Insanity; 3 minutes ago
#5

Showing 1-5 of 5 comments

-----

My board was deleted or moved.

-----

Comments:
 
Insanity Just now  
The in-game ad says differently.
 
Insanity 2 minutes ago  
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Insanity092395/screenshot/938311103227030109
 
goretekz 4 minutes ago  
https://gyazo.com/ad0526d40adaefca8f5d478ec41608b8

-----

Community Messages > Message Detail
Ban notification from a forum moderator	— Mar 14 @ 2:54am
You have been banned from Infestation: The New Z Discussions
You have been banned from Infestation: The New Z Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in "Infestation: The New Z General Discussions":
Is there a particular reason premium accounts aren't getting instant respawns? It clearly says no revive time and this is the /ONLY/ reason I upgraded my account.

Ban Reason:

If you believe this ban was issued by mistake, please contact Steam Support.

This is a permanent ban.

-----

This is from a support ticket on their website.

My Support Tickets:
Survival Time Response - [GC/GD Issue] #85277 Status: Closed Last Updated: Mar 13, 2018 - 21:45
adindino Mar 13, 2018 - 21:40
I spoke with a moderator for the game on Steam and I was told I would receive a GC refund to my account because of an improper ad. I'm on Survival and it displays that Premium Accounts will receive an instant revive timer.

Support Mar 13, 2018 - 21:45
The Premium Account does give you an instant revive timer, but on the Open World mode. Those loading screens display on every game mode and if you go on the website, you will see that it clearly says that on Survival your respawn timer is decreased and not instant.

Anyways, thank you for contacting us and I wish you a great day/night.

Best regards.

You can not reply to a closed ticket.

-----

I was told I wouldn't recieve the refund until I took down my review. Not a chance.

-----

Other Reviews:

The review immediately following is an original review of the first game before they rebranded it twice more due to bad publicity. 


REVIEWED ON PC / 8 JAN 2013
THE WAR Z REVIEW
BY ANTHONY GALLEGOS

"The War Z misses the mark at almost everything it does. It’s rife with bugs and other tech issues, and the large amount of guns has turned it into a place where meaningful player interactions rarely occur. It needs a lot of work to become something that feels like a proper release, and is in dire need of the slew of promised features to make it more than rarely entertaining. This is a prime example of a game that oversells and underdelivers."

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggeBZVja6Cc
- Start up game for the first time
- Sign up for spam emails
- Get to main menu
- Have to click on an option 5 times to work
- Go to options
- Try to turn off fullscreen, doesn't work
- Try to join a beginner server
- Disconnected for not having a character
- Go to make a character
- Game freezes every time clothing is changed
- Try again to join a beginner server
- Disconnected
- Try to join another beginner server
- Disconnected
- Try to join an official server
- Disconnected for not having a premium account/1hr of playtime
- Try joining ANOTHER beginner server
- Finally connects
- Sit through painfully long loading screen cycling between 2 slides
- Game freezes for 30 seconds
- Finally in-game
- Try to walk around
- Game freezes
- Let go of W
- Game unfreezes
- Press W again
- Game freezes again
- Press shift to sprint
- Game unfreezes, then freezes again
- Try to disconnect from server
- Game gets stuck on disconnecting screen
- Force close the game
- Uninstall and write this review

Update: I fixed the freezing problem by disabling any non-Steam overlay. After playing another 0.6 hours, all I can say is the game is nothing special. 4/10 not worth the hard drive space.
[i]Scroll down for original review[/i]

[b]UPDATED REVIEW[/b]
Since original 'review' of this game was blown out of proportion and even members of developing team commented on it, I felt it was more than needed for me to really check out Infestation: The New Z to make sure thumbs down is the proper grade for this title. When I wrote the original review (scroll to the bottom to read it), I didn't play The New Z, but played the game that The New Z replaced in Steam's library and hence got its ID. Which one it was, I don't know.

Waiting for DayZ (oh, how the kings have fallen), I was one of the many buyers of The War Z and also one of the many who refunded the game. I didn't do it because of false advertising which was the main reason why Steam approved refunds, but of constant bugs, glitches and bad optimization. It was simply a bad game, no matter its status (I think it was alpha back then). After The War Z came Infestation: Survivor Stories. It failed horribly. After that one came 'spiritual succesor' (Insert Michael Scott's NO GIF) Romero's Aftermath which I've downloaded because of, well yes, George A. Romero who's work I deeply respect and appreciate.

I don't know if any other games came after that one, but the latest one, The New Z, appeared on my Steam store's frontpage a few days ago. And the reson why I wrote negative review instantly is because it looked suspiciously similar to previous titles. 

I've clicked, as I always click on any zombie FPS with survival tag. I am still looking for the perfect one, after years and years of purchasing and trying out mediocre, if not terrible products that simply fail to deliver the fun mixture between realism and FPS chaos. Unfortunately, most of survival titles on Steam are nothing more than wagons on the hype train, except few notable exceptions (I am looking at you, The Long Dark, Subnautica and The Forest).

The New Z is marked as ultimate free-to-play experience, combining three closely related genres into one: battle royale, survival and open world.

Let's start with the best one, at least in my own not so humble opinion. Survival is slow paced horror of surviving days and night in hostile environment. Resources are scarce, zombies are many and mainly located around loot areas and community is almost completely comprised of soloists who kill on sight. I've been trying to find players to join group for hours and only twice people responded and added me to their group. Playing this mode in the long run proved non-productive because at the end, you'll be starving and unless you have free bus ticket or can afford pricey one (more about it later), you may leave yourself stranded away from any potential food and water source. Strength in numbers, so if you don't have any friends, be prepared for much more difficult journey. The New Z fails grouping the players just as other similar games simply because their zombies are not dangerous enough, they don't present a serious threat to solo players, even unarmed ones.

Survival map is huge and it takes a lot to travel it on foot. There are small stashes of resources scattered around the map which are not marked on the map, so exploring can be rewarding, but make sure you're prepared. My favorite part of the day was dusk turning into a night. 

If you get tired of surviving and need to take a break, there are several safe zones marked on the map. Here, there's no shooting and you can leave your extra stuff in the vault, so it waits for you when you come back or in case you die. Next to these are bus stations which are really useful for fast travel, but once you're out of free tickets, you either need to relay on buying bus tickets or getting premium account (more about that later) which allows for free bus transport. 

Open World is PVP oriented mode. Smaller maps, more aggressive and diverse zombie types (huge one, fast one, lots of classic ones) and numerous loot instances. Here it's all about kill or be killed and your round will finish much earlier than expected, especially if you're not precise with your weapons. 

Battle Royale, one of the selling points of this free-to-play game was something I couldn't try at all because of technical problems most players encounter, a black screen upon entering the server. Game starts with players gathering in the lobby and shooting each other relentlessly until the countdown begins. It is 100 player game, but most players I had on server was around 40. Unfortunately, after the countdown ends and real royale begins, my screen went black. Changing graphic details never did anything, so I cannot judge this mode, but I have to say I didn't get a chance to play it at all. 

Judging from my previous experiences, The New Z is plagues by the same technical problems and glitches as its predecessors. There are a lot of getting stuck glitches and fall damage glitches. I've encountered a few sound glitches as well. The biggest problem were the same, clumsy zombie animations. Zombie combat isn't really revolutionary - you aim for the head, unless you have a melee weapon, then you aim for the weapon and move back and forth, trying to calculate when the next swing of zombie arms will happen. Zombies are sometimes hit during their hit animations, so it resets and drops a few frames of the next one, landing you a hit when you don't expect one. 

The biggest problem of The New Z is its microtransactions, which make The New Z more of a freemium game than anything else. Beside normal, free accounts, you have a chance to purchase different tiers of premium accounts with different perks, ranging from smallest, priced at around 2,60 € per month (pretty much useless), up to lifetime premium priced 200 €. Beside that you get to buy Game Coins, a premium value that's being used for almost everything in the game. I am type of player who can play the game without purchasing anything and still have fun, but I do have a problem with this business practice. Some of it is pretty ridiculous, you need to pay for private servers, skinboxes are overpriced (any let's be honest, some of these skins are DAMN UGLY) and you can even pay to reset player timer (when your character dies, a certain amount of time needs to pass so you can use the player again).

I'm on the fence about player progression system presented in the game. You can use XP points gained by killing to upgrade your character's stats. It gives a certain amount of depth to the game, but on the other hand, advantages gained can present a huge problems for up and coming players.

In terms of Dungeons & Dragons alignment system, if The War Z and it's successors were chaotic evil characters, The New Z is chaotic neutral; D'n'D Player's Handbook states that chaotic neutral characters 'promote the ideals of freedom, it is their own freedom that comes first; good and evil come second to their need to be free', meaning although The New Z is being promoted as free-to-play title, you will in the process lose either money (buying stuff) or time (surival games are interesting, but without truly deep system and some goals, ultimately pointless), and let's not even start talking about your nerves when you drop dead because of game bugs and glitches.

In the oversatured market of bad zombie survival FPS/TPS shooter games (minus Miscreated, I haven't played it yet), The New Z may be the king, but the one eyed in the land of the blind. And that's not something to be proud of. 

ORIGINAL REVIEW:

So basically, it's the "brand new" game that I've somehow miraculously already played without even knowing about it. 

Just seeing models, menus and FONT gives me idea this is one of million of WarZ, Infestation, Romero's Aftermath, what's-the-latest-name-for-it clones pumped up on microtransactions, ready to be shut down at certain point and replaced with the next one. 

Steam should really get this shit sorted, I prefer having idiotic visual novels swarm all over Steam's store page over this.

NO. 
NO.
NO.
NO.
NO.
You deserve every dislike. DO NOT IN ANY SANE WAY DOWNLOAD THIS. Here is why.

- "anti-cheat" is actual spyware, like literal. Open paypal or amazon website and watch this shit in task manager.From idle cranks up system time to hell yeah il steal yo info. Open youtube - goes idle again.

- Absolute shit community. I mean like literaly. Expected from a f2p game. 

- 0 optimization. I run it at 89-92 fps and stutters and sometimes freezes when moving trough cells.

- Looks damn ugly once ingame,

I downloaded this to see hows the f2p side is going on with indie devs on steam. The DayZ guys, The Forest team and all the others deserve every euro/pound/dollar. Period.
War Inc: Battlezone...
War Z...
Infestation...
Shattered Skies...
Nether...
and now "The New Z"...
Only took me 10 minutes to realize its the same broken, aged, garbage engine, different theme and obvious dev rename. 
Cash in, Cash out, Abandon
Rinse & Repeat.
No thanks Sergey Titov. Your games always fail to impress. ^_^
wanted to see if this was actually a meme especially after looking at the spawn kill reviews

its no joke, as soon as i loaded in bullets started whizzing past my head, and when my green protection thing disappeared more bullets came rapidly flying at me

then some other guy instantly killed me with his sniper

then the game told me to wait 3 minutes to respawn or pay real money to spawn now

then i uninstalled
This game has been released virtually identical on Steam 5 times now by the same scam artist Sergey Titov famously known for such scams as Big Rigs or [url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/226700/]The War Z a.k.a. Infestation: Survivor Stories[/url]. Sergay is currently working on another massive scam called [url=http://store.steampowered.com/app/447500/]Shattered Skies[/url] which is again just a rehash of this game with the same crappy engine and gameplay. 

UPDATE: Sergey has found a way to scam fans of Red dead Redemption by taking this shity engine and giving it a Wild West overhaul called: "Wild West Online". Don't buy that shit please.

The War Z
Nether: Resurrected
Survivor Stories
Romero's Aftermath
Infestation: The new Z
Wild West Online (unreleased 09/2017)
One can only wonder what it will be called next. Strong candidates are:

The Scam Z
Night of the living Z
Do you even Z?

Now to the review part. The game is still shit. It's something you throw together in Unity in a couple of months with pre-bought assets. Textures and assets look terrible.

The game has pretty much no survival aspects. It's a glorified PvP shooter. Private servers are a joke, you find so much loot you need a fucking truck to haul it all around.

The good: It's free to play. You can see for yourself how shit this game is. Do everyone a favour and don't give them any money and write an honest review. Don't hold back.

You can watch a nice overview of his Scams in [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGkTHTqwcrc]this video.[/url]
Summed up:

(-) Loot everywhere, guns all over the place
(-) Game crashes / disconnects every 5-15mins. Very unpleasing in a PvP game
(-) You die, you respawn 100m around your dead body (I mean, wtf, this creates deathmatch "bubbles" where only a few people constantly respawn only to loot and logout)
(-) Global inventory (You combat log, save your gear and there you go!)
(-) Zombie AI is the dumbest I've seen
(-) Pay-To-Win private loot servers, vehicle spawners, ammunition
(-) 3rd person view advantage
(-) Clumsy hitboxes when you jump (I assume bad netcode)
(-) Instant-Heal every 4 seconds (if you have enough medkits -> private server looting!)
(-) Skill Tree with very unfair advantages (more health, more damage, take less damage)

(+) Battle Royale is kind of funny but dumb zombies and the clumsy netcode is not good for pvp
(+) Soon to come Survival and Comepetive modes seem promising
(+) Very few hackers, since the game is lead by a hacker



Instant heal, and spawning with gear from your global inventory AT YOUR DEAD BODY, is the most annoying point.



3/10.
For anyone who dosen't know. The guy owns this game used to make cheats for this. Then the game died BECAUSE of him making cheats for it. He then decided to make an emulator of this and now hes making money off it. So stupid.
The game itself is not bad, but it's too flawed to give it a positive rating. It doesn't seem like the devolpers try enough to fix existing problems.

However, if you just want to have some fun with your friends, download the game, it's free.

General:
+ good overall graphic
+ big detailed maps
- random crashes ever since I got the game, no real fix
- skin boxes overpriced at shop, I can see the creators need to get money somehow, but this is just too much
- zombie bugs

Open world:
+ fun to group with friends
+ lots of loot and no need to spend money on shop
+ can delete no longer desired characters
+/- cars are only buyable
- players who only started have a disadvantage of skills
- not new players on beginner server
- hacker and spawn camp killers especially on cali

Battle Royale:
+ special weekends with bigger rewards for the last 3 players
+ I'm curious for the new map suggestion they posted on facebook
+/- I laugh about the food that has no effect at all
- since an update group option is no longer available
- voicechat, why is it even there when it's everyone v everyone, people only insult others
- can't delete the existing character like in open world and name change is expensive
Community is pure cancer, its not even a zombie game its mostly a hiding game cuz everyone is fucking mental and will kill you for a banana. you cant really just fight the zombies cuz if you do someone will just blow your head off without reason instead of help you. looting is truly pointless youll never make it out of the town to vault your resources some asshole will just track and hunt you down kill you and take all the stuff youve been trying to save. and even some will kill you knowing you dont have anything just the clothes on your back. when you DO finally respawn in the map they will just camp the spawn point and kill you before you can even get started or attempt to even have alittle fun. the game itself isnt that bad but the community has infested it making all the players trigger happy shitbags.
I really don't know why I installed this after the shit show that spawned this game, while the game runs better, which to be honest isn't hard since the bar was set basically on the floor, the developer is an admin for a site that creates cheats for the game, and helps develop cheats for this game... I don't even know anymore it's just the dumbest thing i've ever heard.
IM GIVING THIS GAME MY 1ST EVER RED FLAG WARNING  !!!!!!!!!!!!!   
 
you know  i  wanted to  enjoy this game but the bug issues with the cars made that pretty hard spend an  hr looting just to  be eject and  killed by glitchy  cars  . Fun factor lost along with all  loots .
 
THEN  THERE IS THE VIRUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Category: Quarantine
Date & Time,Risk,Activity,Status,Recommended Action,Path - Filename
12/20/2017 2:31:05 PM,High,thenewz.exe (Heur.AdvML.B) detected by Auto-Protect,Quarantined,Resolved - No Action Required,c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\newz\thenewz.exe

LOCATION: \steam\steamapps\common\newz\thenewz.exe 
TYPE:  heuristic malware   Category: Quarantine
Date & Time,Risk,Activity,Status,Recommended Action,Path - Filename
11/26/2017 3:12:33 PM,High,thenewz.exe (Trojan.Gen.9) detected by Auto-Protect,Quarantined,Resolved - No Action Required,c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\newz\thenewz.exe



how bad is it ? FREAKING REALLY BAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

THE NAME Infestation IS FITTING AND MAY OF ALSO  BEEN  INTENDED AS   A WARNING HMMM' GO  FIGURE .  
 when i  think of this game how do  i  feel   ? ANGER,  RAGE, & FEAR .

Adding some more info  as i  was not clear enough . Mouse and keyboard stopped responding explorer search  bar  started spaming  the message thankZmuchthanksZmuchthanksZmuch  over and over again   had to  shut down  at power button  could not exit out of windows .  Next day i  turned on my pc virus scan  pulled up  virus info  and stated it was threat lv HIGH .  not low . So  confusion on  my part dont see how  . Am  i  shocked that this was a steam  store game YES!!!!!!!
Pass. HARD pass.

I like scavenging.
I like zombie killing.
I like running away if I am outnumbered...

But I made a character;
A zombie chased me for about 1 minute, then stopped cold 10 feet from me. I actually had time to get the cricket bat I found put into a weapon slot, arm it, then beat him 40 times and he died, without reacting to me.
Then I died to a zombie that took more than 60 hits of a cricket bat before killing me.

Went to Open World. I was told zombies die easier in this mode.
Walked around for 5 minutes.
Killed 1 zombie.
Got sniped from 2 miles away by a gold-plated sniper rifle. I heard [b]*KRACKOOOM!*[/b] [i]'You died to bodyshot.'[/i]

And them I am told by a friend who plays [i]'Well, you CAN avoid PvP, but it costs money.'[/i]

Sorry; I hate forced PvP (I hated PvP servers in WoW, so I never played on them), but I cannot condone [i]'You don't want PvP? PAY US FOR A PRIVATE SERVER!'.[/i]
PvP/Not PvP should be a [b]FREE OPTION[/b]. This is greed on a grand scale. [i]'Sure, there ARE options, but you have to pay us to use them!'[/i]

That would be like Monopoly releasing on PC in 2018 and saying [i]'Free Parking alternate rules are $4.99/month to use'[/i]

Buggy
Not fun for me.
And forced PvP means veterans on servers have oneshot sniper rifles and are basically a child with a magnefying glass while you are the ant; just hope he don't decide to burn YOU.
(if it's TLDR for you, go down to [b]my opinion[/b])

[h1]Expectation[/h1]
I really wanted to play this game with friends, thinking that it was gonna be a Co-op zombie shooter game, where survivors team-up. I watched the cool vids that came up for this game and i really liked the concept of spawning almost naked and ending up with good weaponry and cool gadgets. You know, run around like The Walking Dead series, meeting other survivors and shooting the undead.

[h1]Reality[/h1]
[list]
[*]The game is a [b]loading screen simulator[/b]. It takes about 8 to 10 mins to join a server. That's not even the worst part. 

[*]The game thinks that [b]TeamViewer[/b] running in the background [b]is a suspected cheating program[/b]. It took me a while to find out. i wasted 40 mins trying to connect to servers until i found it out.
[/list]

Once i got in a server, i crawled around and found a ton of things, like an MG, a freaken Katana, and a bunch of other cool stuff and logged out after a while to avoid getting killed. The second time i joined a server i was shot almost instantly and i lost everything. + the revive counter is total crap. [b]And that's how it kept going[/b]. Spawning in small villages and getting my head opened by a sniper from an unknown position.

[h1]But hey![/h1]

Me and a friend (we almost got in a fight cause of the game) who ended up following me through all this crap, found a house to stay and took down people that used to pass by.

After we finally found each other (since [b]we were spawned really really far from each other[/b]) we found a house and killed some guys, granting us great stuff they already had.

[h1]and that was it.[/h1]
after all this "action", [b]me and my friend kept camping[/b] in that house, lying down so we dont get shot and lose everything, not moving at all so we dont attract zombies. for many hours, killing people that kept passing by [b](that means that the game forces you to become an A-hole and just kill people in fear)[/b] until we were both killed by others and never run the game again. Where's the zombie killing spirit?!?!?

[h1]My opinion[/h1]
It's a grinder(?) game without a story or a purpose. Low FPS, poor mechanics, lots of bugs and a really bad gameplay. Why would anyone want to hide forever in fear of dying and losing everything? What's the point in all this? That's [b]really hostile to new players[/b] who haven't collected much too.

The [b]devs don't seem to care[/b] about what players say and keep doing their things. Mostly adding new stuff without re-evaluating older problems and solving them. No doubt why this game is being downvoted like hell. 
The game had a lot of potential but devs killed it. It's like devs have an idea of the final product in their heads - that's not working at all - but [b]they don't care[/b] enough to conform to what people want. And the most annoying part is that they know it but act like all is fine. So they deserve to watch their product getting downvoted. When you screw the people who play your game or - even worse - paying for stuff, [b]you get what you deserve[/b]. 

Do not underestimate the crowd, cause they give you the power you have.
Isn't that the power of voting afterall?
From the same tools and idiots that brought you the Infestation Survivor Stories game that got trashed by the developers that made this **** show. The Devs are garbage that lie about this game being brand new considering it uses the same assets and textures... and weapons.... and zombie models as that "other" game and the like 3 games they made before that one that ended up getting dumped to the side of the road and left to die. Walk away... please.
I tried giving it a chance again. This was my experience....
Originally posted by ElChupacabra:
Could you please either email us at support@playnewz.com or contact us at playnewz.com/support.php so you don't have to share your account email here?

Dev was responding to another thread about my not being able to access my original account.

My response...


Don't bother. I made a new account to try it out and was literally just about to uninstall it. 

First of all the Battle Royale mode is terrible. You spawn on the ground already next to people and most of the time you can't even take 3 steps without dying. This is after the ridiculous wating period where EVERYONE literally spawns on top of each other and CAN shoot and kill players. So I spent 30 seconds literally listening to the death music over and over resetting. 

Open world is another joke. There are literally guns every 2 steps and full cmags and snipers and meds and armor in every single spawn I saw (which there are about a million). It completely takes away from farming and looting stuff. Why bother even going to safe zones at all when you can just walk 3 steps in any direction and be fully geared. 

I spawned in a remote camp and within a minute I was fully decked with 4 snipers , 3 M249's and PKM's , a few stanag rifles and about 3000 bullets. The immersion in the game is gone. Farming is absolutely pointless. I had 8 medkits , 12 DX's and dozens of other meds.

I killed 3 pvp'ers and made my way to the nearest safe zone. While on the way I realized what I wrote above. WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ am I even going to a safe zone and then the game crashed while I was literally in the middle of nowhere in the woods. Just walking.

No ty. I gave it a chance. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks even more then before. Who cares if there are no hackers. The abundance of loot was enough to drive me away from the game instantly and if that wasn't enough the game is still crashing randomly after YEARS of it. 

And btw I read somewhere that you took out the Gravestone's. Guess what. No you didn't. They are still there when you kill someone.

 
       
You took ALL the immersion out of the game and completely obliviated the entire point of looting and farming. 

Oh and the game was still running like crap at around 35 FPS. I am running a GTX 970. There was stuttering and even a bit of screen tearing.

I even headshotted a fresh spawn with a Mauser 4 times and he didn't die. He just stood there in the window taking potshots at me with a Stanag rifle.

No ♥♥♥♥ing ty.

And if that wasn't enough your "MLG anticheat" is so broken it can't distinguish between players lagging cause of your crap servers and game and actual cheaters. So there is a ton of people getting falsely banned. And your mods are blaming players while the dev is stating they know its their fault and are looking into it to try and fix it.

Seriously didn't think it could actually be worse then the last time. Congratulations. You made an ACTUAL worse version of an already bad game. HOLY FUCKING HELL that is an accomplishment in itself!
From the team that bought you the piece of shit that was WarZ ([b]I have been told this is false as it is actually a team of modders who have overhauled this[/b]), then renamed it to pretend it was a new game to "Infestation survivor stories". Then noticed it was still shit so they made a carbon copy called "Romeros aftermath" which was also terrible so here we are, "Infestation: The New Z".

It's a bloody awful game, you spawn in the same area ALL THE TIME depending on which character you choose, The map is giant for no reason at all and cars are extremely expensive unless you want to pay real money. People camp the safe zones to gun you down when you leave them, and loot is everywhere so there is literally little to no reward for killing people.

EDIT: Check the comments and see the kind of people that support this game (Some may have legitimate points and i respect that)
bugs... bugs... disconnecteds... support not responding... more bugs... cant play this game for more than half a hour withoug bugging, dont waste your time
This is the saem crappy game it has been since War Z. Why steam Let them remove War Z name to get rid of negative comments, then come back and ifestation: survivor storeis is beyond me. Now they are back with Infestation" The New Z again to remove bad comments on this horrific game. Now they went f2p and added horrific P2W mechanics. Please don't play this game. Please steam remove this publisher.
Played this game for 5 hours. Most of that time I spent in the menu. Here is what I get:

Spawn in the game walk for 10 seconds: Kicked for Suspected Cheating.

I relog to the server walk for 10 seconds: Disconnected from the Server.

I relog to the server walk for 10 seconds: Your connection to the serever is too unstable. (It's perfectly stable)

I relog to the server walk for 10 seconds: Kicked for Suspected Cheating.

I relog to the server walk for 10 seconds: Disconnedted from the Server.

/Uninstall
Essentially a f2p rerelease of WarZ/Infestation Survivor Stories, it's still a complete turd with minor UI changes and a couple of gamemodes. The devs a̶r̶e̶  were shady morons. What more could you want?

Oh, and the community mods will delete your comments if you badmouth the game in any way. Fantastic stuff
Game is absolute garbage.  It is amusing for a week or two...but after that you'll start to notice these flaws:

*Hackers are rampant.  The anticheat only bans a handful
*Riot shields are ridiculous and abused
*3rd person view is ridiculous and abused
*Sniper rifles are far superior to every other weapon in ANY combat situation and are abused
*Spawn points do not vary.  It is not uncommon for players to spawn on top of eachother.  It is also not uncommon for servers to be filled with spawn campers.  People literally camping a spawn point just to fuck you out of your stuff.
*The shadowing in the night-day cycle is not fluid.  The shadowing just suddenly changes.  This makes the graphics annoying.
*Bullets fired at range do almost NO damage.  The exception are sniper rifles.  For instance...I was shot in the head with an assault rifle at a pretty decent range and it took away 2% of my health.
*Going prone or crouched makes the same amount of noise as running or sprinting.  This is just plain dumb.
*Weapon spread is stupid.  A skilled marksman can make weapons such as an M4 or M16 fire much more accurately at range than they do in this game.  Sniper rifles are unbalanced by having 0.0 spread.
*You pretty much have to depend on a headshot to get an efficient kill.  Body shots are mostly useless.
*No ability to hide in grass/foliage/overgrowth.  Hiding is futile except if you are at range with an unbalanced sniper rifle
*Zombie AI is horrible.  They are ridiculously predictible and do not keep you on your toes at all.
*Bullet drop needs to be reworked.  It isn't accurate at all.
- Campers.
- Open World Mode: always spawn at the same location.
- Super zombies which always spawn from 2-3 in one location, consume 10 rifle mags to kill, has the same speed as a sprinting player, deal fuk ton of damage, follows you to the end of the world and when killed, it will drop guns that you dont even need anymore, therefore, doesn't feel rewarding for killing them.
- Almost feels like a walking simulator due to the mediocre sprinting speed plus how big the map is.
- Zombies can hit you through wall, you will still recieve damage from the zombie if you dont interupt its attacking animation, as a result, still can damage you even if you are out of its range.

These are the issues that i found annoying in this game, especially the super zombies when a naked player just dropped right into the game.
After playing the horrible, disgusting mess that was Romero's Aftermath, I knew I had to try this junk out. I came into this game thinking it would be horrible.....boy was I wrong.


This "game" is beyond horrible. In fact, words do not exist that could describe the horridness of this program.

You spawn in the same area every time. Upon which you're nearly instantly sniped by some autistic kid. Also when you die, you have to wait forever to revive or PAY REAL MONEY TO REVIVE YOURSELF. If you manage to get away, you can literally find weapons everywhere. Literally everywhere. Like fucking literally fucking everywhere. I cannot stress how often you'll find weapons. But who needs weapons when you can literally destroy an entire army base full of zombies with your bare fucking hands. In the few minutes I was on,  I watched at least 15 people get caught hacking. The graphics are disgusting and look like they belong in a PS2 game. In fact this entire game reminds me of a poorly made PS2 game.


I also noticed they're beginning to copy even more games like State of Decay.


It's like if Dayz and H1Z1 had a baby but threw it in the dumpster behind wal-mart, and then State of Decay and Miscreated had a baby but Harambe died saving it and then those two babies grew up and fucked. That's what this game is.

Me and a few Clan mates tried this game as a PUBG/DayZ alternative and had a legitimate amount of fun playing. However as a whole I cannot reccomend this game due to game breaking Bugs/mechanics that ruin the experience overall. I'll start with the positives.

[h1]--PROS--[/h1]

-Decent PvP, with lots of random encounters and epic fire fights. Gunplay seems fairly balanced, with further shots dealing less damage and assault rifles being unreliable for anything but medium range and close range encounters. Also no aspects of Pay to win are present and that is a plus. All store bought items are cosmetic, Vehicles, or just ammo.

-Great PvE, zombies can be snuck past and avoided, they do substantial damage when they hit you, are attracted to gunfire, and are legit scary to fight in swarms.

-Character loadout cutomization is unique, weapon attatchments help you fit weapons for long range or short range, with a wide variety of guns/melee weapons to choose from.

-Global inventory to stash your items you find in the menu screen when you leave the server. This helps you keep loot for the next time you spawn and have a nice collection.

[h1]--CONS--[/h1]

Bugs and hackers in this game destroy the games value to the point of it not being consistently playable.

-Hackers/Aimbotters/Wallhackers, many people get banned every time you join a server you will see at least 3-5 people being banned for trying to hack. You would think thats a good thing, but since this game is free to play they will just make another account and try  different programs/strats again until they are in.

-Weapon variety is good but the weapons stats are not diverse enough to justify using but a few of them. Some have exactly the same stats in damage but spread and recoil differences make them obsolete.

-Vehicle Bugs, Vehicles are insanely expensive and can take a long time to grind up enough to get. My first experience with a vehicle accurately details how broken this games bugs are... (Read Below)

[[[  I spawned in an isolated area next to the corner of the map (for safety), spawned my vehicle but it was resting on an incline (hovering and only front wheels touching the ground) and in order to interact with the Stryker vehicle you need access to the top hatch.
 I tried for 15 min to jump on top of it or access it from the sides but no luck.. I had to spawn a Riot shield and place it down to jump on top of it in order to access the vehicle. No biggie right? So i drive it and park it on top of a mountain (flat) and get out to refuel. The vehicle launched me 100ft in the air and dropped me down to 5% HP (luckily i had a medkit..) and then my Stryker proceeded to roll down the mountain... I chased it, got in, rode up and then down the other side of the mountain. Drove it into the woods near a clearing that was also flat, made sure it came to a FULL STOP, got out of the vehicle and was killed instantly by glitching.. Upon respawning and running back, i was ran over by a bandit in his vehicle and he stole all my things.  GG well played. Bad Game mechanics critically Wrecks you dealing 9999 Dmg.  ]]]

-Game devs have given up on making the game better.  What you see is what you get, dont expect fixes or new content or anything of the sort. If you end up playing or supporting this game, know what you are getting into.


All things being, I give this game a broken 4.5/10.  It has playability and fun to be had. But its about as satisfying as smoking a cigarette, you get your nicotine buzz and get some cool smoke to exhale briefly. Then your left with ashtray breath/clothes smell and feeling like you could have done better things with your time.
Doesn't seem very beginner friendly, as soon as I hopped in a world I was spawn-killed, and that happened again immediately after. Had problems installing, the game would repeatedly boot me out telling me to update when no update would actually come. Controls are somewhat "Ew", and there are a lot of them, wasn't impressed when I managed to get in-game.
This game is pure crap its a money stealing pile of sh__! makes u wait when u die or pay real money to spawn this game and its developer needs to be thrown in the trash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The funniest thing is that they want $30 a month for a server lmao!!! i felt like i was playin a nintendo 64 game what a joke, if they didnt build this game using a1986 apple computer it might of been alright, but it should be with the 8 bit zombie games !!!!! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!
Here we are yet again with the same game Warz/Infestation/Infestation the newz....this time its free to play so i downloaded the game and thought well lets see how this garbage version stands out from the other versions. well its 100% the same problems over and over again...

#1 Game session still active even when fully loged out and just hangs there for 10-20 minutes same bug as before..

#2 no graphic change's what so ever and still remains to be an eye sore..

#3 Items continue to say item being saved when looting a player you killed over and over...

#4 after being killed you are kicked from the game back to the game menu to regear your character is the most annying thing ever...this needs to have another way to gear back up to keep fighting with out being kicked...

#5 server continues to disconect you over and over...i killed 4 people and managed to loot them all to get disconected back to the game menu with none of the items i took.....

Just my opinion on the game i played this game when it started from Warz all the way to its current state and its just one of those games where you should only play for shits and giggles and not to be taken seriously. this game has every bug from all its other versions and then some so why would people buy premium service when nothing has changed blows my mind but it is what it is...the game is shit and will allways forever be shit so just play it for fun and let it remind you why you stoped playing this a long time ago......
Finally get to play after endless load times. Use the bandage that comes with an account >> Kicked for cheating. GG

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJIWigBBlio
Words cannot explain this game so here is a pumpkin pie recipe 

Ingredients

7 g sachet dried yeast
1/4 cup reserved warm pumpkin cooking liquid or water
4–4½ cups unbleached plain flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup mashed pumpkin (300 g uncooked)
1/4–1/2 cup reserved warm pumpkin cooking liquid or water, extra
1 egg, beaten
2 teaspoons water, extra
pumpkin seeds (pepitas), to sprinkle

1. Brush a deep 20 cm cake tin with melted butter or oil; line base with baking paper. Dissolve yeast in reserved pumpkin liquid or water; cover with plastic wrap and leave in a warm place 5 minutes or until frothy. Sift 4 cups of the flour and salt into a large bowl. Add pumpkin, yeast mixture and ¼ cup of the extra liquid. Mix thoroughly using a wooden spoon, then your hands, until well combined. The dough will form a rough, slightly sticky ball. Add more liquid if mixture is too dry—the amount of liquid will depend on moistness of pumpkin.

2. Turn onto a floured surface. Knead for 10 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic. Incorporate remaining ½ cup of flour as necessary to form a smooth dough. Place dough into a lightly oiled bowl, brush surface of dough with oil. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in a warm place for 1 hour or until well risen.

3. Punch down dough and knead for 1 minute. Pull away a golf ball-sized piece of dough. Shape the remaining large piece of dough into a smooth round ball and place into prepared tin. Roll smaller ball into a rope 35 cm long. Tie into a loose knot; place across top of dough and seal with a little water to hold in place. Cover with plastic wrap and leave to rise in a warm place for 1 hour or until well risen to top of tin.

4. Preheat oven to 210°C (Gas 190°C). Brush dough with combined beaten egg and extra water. Sprinkle with pumpkin seeds. Bake 20 minutes, and then reduce oven to 180°C. Bake a further 20 minutes or until cooked. Cover with foil during last 10 minutes of cooking if bread is browning too much. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Pumpkin bread is delicious served just plain with butter
Game =  2/10

 Possitive (+):      
                                 - This is the most stable version of this game
                                 - First version of this game with a truly functional anticheat
                                 - Diversity of game modes

 Negative (-):  
                                 - Unsuitable for SA (South America) players, What I mean by this? = It may sound extremist to say so, but the fact of not having servers in SA makes the game sense, which is the PVP, especially against the advantage of the good internet.
                                 - Countless number of bugs that have been from the original version of the game (War Z), such as an endless crash without even being able to enter a server
                                 - Following the issue of the above problem, to put it more directly, 10 times I wanted to enter a server, the game crashed about 7, either get me off the server or directly from the game, usually playing
            

 
 I may seem contradictory to mention stability problems in the negative segment of my review, but I have to admit that in itself, in this version could solve several factors that could not materialize in the original or previous emulators of the same game.
Being thus likewise I can not remove my displeasure with the amount of negative factors more than the best that come up when playing this game normally.
 
There are several more problems, but I think they can be solved in the future, but I have to say that I DO NOT RECOMMEND this game to play.

SKIP TO THE LAST PARAGRAPH FOR A SHORT SUMMARY OF MY ISSUE WITH THIS GAME.

Let me first start off by saying that I did not expect to play nearly 30 hours of this game. My friend reccomended that i download it since it was free. So i did and we only played for like an hour that day. But then the two days later we added another player to our group and had a blast. We started ran out of the settlment and encountered Rifle Ridge, the first place we looted as a group. I decided to play it smart and watch the area from on top of the hills behind a rock, while my friends looted. Sure enough, a player spawned in just outside of the are my friends were looting, and i warned them that a player spawned in. This player did not have anything on him so at first we were going to play it friendly. BUT THEN, this player loots a shotgun and starts making his way towards my friends who were hiding behind a trailer. At this time I am shouting "HE IS RUNNING UP TO YOU GUYS ON THE RIGHT SIDE" My friends started to take aim as so did I. After he peeked the corner, we all shot at him, nearly unscathed. The adrenaline from that scenario got us going and we started to make out way into Campos City.

we were scared of this place at first because of all the zombies and the few gunshots we heard coming from the middle of the town. We looted a building or two before making out way ontop of the bridge to get an idea where these guys were shooting from. Once on top of the bridge, we see a group of two guys shooting at zombies. Without hesitation my friend starts shooting them, so we all joing in and did not take any of them out. They escaped and we waited several minutes before making our way down to continue looting. So we loot a few more buildings until we see another player by himself, shooting at zombies. so we try to sneak around him, but he see us so he opens fire. My friend is suppressed behind a wall and continues to fire at him. Seeing that our friend is in trouble, we try to maneuver around the building to suprise ambush him, but we fail because our friend who was getting shot at dies, then he almost immediately walks around the other side of the building and almost instantly kills my other friend. So at this point i am hiding and using third person to my advantage. I see that this player is out in the open and so i start lighting him up, getting a few hit markers, but then he starts jumping and almost instantly kills me as well. So at this point we got off not fully understanding what just happened. The next night. We have a lot worse luck. Almost every player we encountered was as good as the guy we fought that first night. These players were almost instantly killing us and we were not doing much damage to them. We again encountered a cqb fight were all three of us got picked off by one guy in a matter of 20 seconds or so. We were assuming that these players were hacking, but then i did a youtube search on tips and tricks of this game and quickly learned that there are a whole bunch of players who play like this. Quickscoping, killing others in a matter of 5 bullets. This is the cancer of this game. My friends and I are just looking to try this game out, but have to compete against these players who without a question have this game figured out. Even if we do end up killing these players, they often times will just instantly spawn back because they either have a membership or have enough money to instantly spawn them in all the time. So there is no winning against these players.

So that is where we stand with this game. 80% of the players we now encounter are veterans of this game and can easily win 70% of the gunfights against us simply because they always get headshots, as well as have enough money in the game to buy whatever they want in massive quantities, as well as instantly respawn all the time. If there were a way to separate these kinds of players from players like us, then we would without a doubt at least double the amount of hours we currently have invested in the game. It also wouldnt hurt to add some ambiance to the game, epsecially sounds.
Not a bad game but do not recommend. Due to veteran players waiting on newbie servers and ganking them....there is no way for new players to try to enjoy
Summary of my gameplay: Spawn, loot around for 5 minutes, get killed by someone with a ton of guns, Respawn, loot around for 5 minutes, get killed by someone with a ton of guns, Repeat.
I played this game a very long time. Then I had a big break and today I thought "ok, Let´s play it again and look what has change". In a half year, they rlly killed the game. I play on the same PC, but it always disconnect me from server. I see the character, the map freezed, then I get kicked out. First I thought okay maybe it is only at the beginning. but then I die 2 times with good stuff and couldn´t get it back, bc of this disconnect shiit. I tried 6 times to connect again and pick up my stuff, but it didn´t work. The devs totally destroyed it with his anti-cheat shiit programm. So I can´t play the game. It´s impossible.
Formerly known as The War Z, this DayZ rip-off is little more than a scam. What's more, it's the fourth time they've pulled it. You collect gear and then lose it all when shot by unseen sniper, who then precedes to call you a f**king fa*g*t. Absolute garbage.

(Skip to 3.10 in my video for a brief history of the company and their "video games". Alternatively check out the links in the description).

https://youtu.be/gG25_GUn1k4
same shit as warz and infestation survivor stories, run worse then both of them, same map for 6 years, if you want to play this, rather use some community emulators, they have some NEW content(maps etc), devs of this s.h.i.t actually stole some of their work
Loading the game took forever. got in game. Saw a dude running down the hill. Started running towards him. Suddenly load screen. "Kicked for suspected cheating." 

Uninstalled. I'm assumed this is why I was banned from Infestation Survivor stories too - I wouldn't know because the devs never answered me after I bought their turd and was randomly banned from it. Running forward is apparently cheating. In the 20 seconds of running forward I had in this game, it looked like just as big of a piece of shit as Survivor Stories. Don't waste any of your HDD's write cycles on this piece of shit.

And for the record, the ".3 hours" that I have in this game, all but that 20 seconds was spent trying to load this tremendous turd. [with an overclocked i5-4690k and an SSD. lol]
Spawn-Kill simulator! 

Want to help other people? Then this game is for you! Simply spawning can give someone points for killing you! All they need to do is wait for the shield to go, which is not that long, then kill you!


How terrible. First hurdle is the spawnrape, you either make it past ten seconds or you don't. Second is the horribad graphics that don't show as much in the video's for some reason. Third, the terrible controls, jump and high jump? Why? Why pollute the controls with an unnecesary extra slot, extra key that cannot be bound or you'd have to switch it around in a weird way. Aaand then there is the fact that it seems very.. unfinished. First thing i asked in the chat was, is this an alpha? And i got answers from all directions indicating that it was indeed a 'finished' game, half the server populace laughed and the other half claimed how this was yet another warz. Now i havn't played warz or anything of the like so i dunno, but at the time more than thirty people said so, so i'd have to give them the benefit of the doubt. In my opinion i wouldn't reccomend this, it's véry PVP based and not at all pve. This i have been told by the people on the server that have sunk quite a few hours into this, lord knows how.. But yea, i don't often shy away from a game, especially if its zombie themed, i fckn love those. But, i could not play this for an hour and enjoy it and i think the majority of the zombie enthusiasts out there wouldn't either.
Game was alright when it was launched when the servers were full. Now the game is pretty much dead because all it is, is OP teams are having battles and playing as a solo player is impossible. You will either get rekt by a squad or a sniper while you're farming for goodies who doesn't have a life. 
The game has very poor optimization and graphics look like they came from a 3rd grader. 

I wish Romeros Aftermath was still a thing, if Fredaikis bought Romeros Aftermath and not this crap then I would be the happiest guy on the planet. 

So far the best thing that NewZ has is the uninstall button.    Bye Bye CrapZ
This is quite simply, and without doubt, the single worst game I have ever played. It's not slightly worse, it's not 'in the running,' it is far and away the absolute worst. It boggles the mind how poorly designed, poorly performing, poorly implemented this pile of garbage is. As if being an atrocious game wasn't enough, it has pay to win microtransactions slapped on top of it for the ultimate shit sandwich of terrible gameplay.

Please, for the love of god, do not waste your time. Don't be like me and buy it to play with friends who only have it because "it's a free zombie game."

It's seriously not fucking worth it. This 'game' is downright shameful.

Listing line-by-line exactly which aspects of the game are bad would legitimately be more effort than this 'game studio' has put into the 'game.'
Trash game. After the devs changed the name of the game 3 times, it is still horrible. Bad gun play. Horrible loot spawn. worse zombies, and over all the game just feels bad
Fun concept but there's no pvp free starter area, so there's really nothing for noobs to do but get ganked for the resources they are scrambling to try to farm.
I can't explain enough how bad this game is developed, it runs like shit and the developers must be 12 because there are so many mistakes in the UI and in game that it hurts.

[b]This is WarZ, NOTHING HAS CHANGED.
IT IS STILL BAD.[/b]

[i]Also includes broken as fuck battle royale mode with an ear-rape lobby[/i]#

VOD of how bad the game is:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjwNwPzq_d4
3 times tried to test the game, everytime got killed when joined the server and had to spend ages trying to rejoin the game. In conclusion i spend more time on loading screens than in actual game
This game is for instant gratifacaton weebs.. no skill involved what so ever.. Combat logging/stashing all your loot from any location is a seriously aidsy problem.. 3rd person corner camps as far as the eye can see.. looting is not rewarding.. all the best weapons are so plentiful and everyone has massive stockpiles of snipers and such.. so the orignal idea of this game is dead.. and after the ooohh new and shinny f2p fades off.. this game will die.. i cant beleive im saying this.. but the game was more rewarding to play pre NewZ.. cus when u finnally found that badass gun.. or got that asshole who had good loots.. back in the day gave u an amazing fuck yeah feeling... and now its.. oh cool... i got my 1000th AR/Sniper Rifle/SMG or Night vision goggles..
dont get me wrong.. item spawns were bad previously.. but now.. its just rediclous and people already have the shit stockpiled.. so theres no fixing it

2nd review after hours of playitme,,,,,,

horrid game.. amoung various crash issues log in issues dissconnections ect

Loot Drop rate is stupid high.. and apparently was even higher pre steam relaese
players have crazy stockpiles of the best equipment...
NO SURVIVAL ASPECTS.. these elements have been entirely removed or render pointless
Combat Logging is a crazy huge issue.. you can allso store all your loot from anyplace u log at..
and then log back in with a new position to shoot at your assalient
as a fanboy of the orignal concept for this game.. and the orignal idea that was presented to us.. after being used and abused for my money the first couple go arounds i gotta say.. this is honestly just another attempt at a cash grab
im crazy dissapointed in what im seeing here.. 23 hours as of this review..
and from what i understand there is no development plan to fix the biggest issues with this game.. and as far as the 
gratification from looting... there is not any whatsoever... fun game to fuck about in for a couple hours and then uninstall
allso.. 3rd person camping is the way this is played.. have fun with that rubbish
I would write a more constructive review, that is if i could fucking join a server without being kicked...

Infestation: Error Disconnected from server
Would be a good game if most people playing this wasn't a [erson that would invite you to a group then kill you once they got to you.  Barely can find a nice person who will help you in the game.  Mostly 12 year olds who have to prove something by killing you for no reason taking your stuff that took hours to get.  Oh and no pve servers all of them that is public is pvp, so yeah don't be suprised to get sniped out of nowhere spawning in.  Needs public pve.
So my background on this game.
played Infestation when it first came out, played war z, played aftermath and now reinstalled this because the same group of friends that ran all those same games were back and raving about this NEW Z. 

So lets be objective here for a momment. Game once again has potential as it is the same copy and paste game before except for aftermath. so game play is the same. I knew what to expect.

previous games were riddled with hacks cheats and Macro cheats, yes user agreement says macro is cheating.


So not much has changed in this decent game that is poorly ran by the administration. so let me explain this. the game runs on 32 bit and is poorly optimized. It also has various glitches that even a first year computer programmer could fix. these issues go unaddressed.

Hacks/cheats

many people in this game including myself find it amazing how easy it is to spot cheaters, and hackers. between the ESP, lagSwitching, Aimbotting, Speed hacking.

The same occuring theme with this game with the previous ones is yet again the admins are more concerned with getting skins and event sales than actually fixing the problems with the game. Alot of the problem with this game is the rediculous ammount of disconnects and drops, which if your in a group or party, it kicks you out of party and makes you suseptiable to being TK'd by your own teammates when logging back in. I counted in an 4 hr span of time that i got disconnected 13 times which turns out to be dropped a little over ever 15min, this ABSOLUTELY affects game play and creates frustration. This is not something new, the same problem as with versions of the previous ones were in this game. 

all in all the game is poorly managed and fails to create an environment for players to thrive and want to spend their money elsewhere. As i would suggest you do. 

The Good, it is exciting to sneak up and kill another player, the anticipation factor while time goes on weather you will be killed is intense and thrilling. Scavaging is key to gain enough items to sufficently do PVP so a grind factor is there which i dont mind. Sniper rifles are OP af, and rarely do i see player running anything else but snipers.

3 different game modes available which is nice, battle royal, survival and not relased competition.
Competition mode has been inactive since i redownloaded the game which now has been over 3 months without release, so go to show priorities.

There is an PVE option but this game is highly PVP focused and pushed, Expect to lose alot to cheaters and say bye bye to loot that takes you hours to find disapper in seconds, because when you respawn with new gear the cheaters already know where you are and have shots down range within seconds of your spawn timer running out. So losing loot is a regular thing.

I can tell the difference between when getting rekt by a really good play, botter, lucky 3 shot head shot killer, and the average player. Ive played with top 50 players so i know what its like to get obliterated by them, but yet thier movements and bullet shooting continuation after death is all consistent with human game play.

Scale 0-10

Playability-2
Fun Factor-6
Repeat game play-2
Support-1
Action FPS-9
Price-10
InGameitems-4


My Rig System
FX6200 6core OC 4.128ghz
GTX 780 356bit 4gb
8GB ddr3 OC 1800MHZ
fatality OCZ 750w PSU
firecuda 2TB Shdd
*Shitty graphics, way too many weapons, you can melee zombies to death with your fists without getting damaged, no crafting system yet they have the key "k" designated to open the crafting menu.
*Beginner Maps are a camp fest for people farming kills at spawn points, so no point in ever joining those servers.
*Every 5 secs or less someone is getting FAC banned because they couldn't (find/ or pay for) the hack the some people are currently using.
*North American servers are riddled with Russians and Slavics (so good luck trying to communicate with them)
*Overall I 20/10 would uninstall it again
The game has a couple of big problems that are making people quit. First of all it is very hard to start as a new player, because there are a lot of cheaters and campers.  Most of them sit on top of high buildings 24/7 and just kill every player they see... The battle royale mode is pretty dead and boring to play.. And death timer, multiple characters shouldn't even be a thing in this game, cuz it's a mess... In conclusion this game is a big mess and i suggest to not waste time on it..
Their so beloved Anti-cheat system now even kicks people out of servers for cheating! ...Not only cheaters but everyone else too... literally.

I couldn't even laugh sarcasticly after spending an hour so I can finally play on a server, just to be kicked out 5 seconds later. Well, at least there are no cheaters so far.

Oh, and it's p2w.
I'm sorry to say that i don't really like this game anymore. I played since Infestation Survivor Stories came out and back in that day, the game was interesting and exciting to play unless you're not encountering any cheaters. But, it has changed alot; most recently new map called arizona v2 - or whatever that is called - came out and it's very narrow and full of sh*t that makes me very upset every time i matchup, i struggle to escape from "radiation" unlike i used not to and it's almost impossible to aim and shoot inside radiation. It just blocks your whole vision and all you see is blue! It is ridiculous when you're trying to climb up a hill and keep getting blocked by some random invisible walls or sliding down! And don't forget that cars can magically kill you through a tree/wall even if they can't pass through it. This game sucks until they try something completely different and it's been YEARS that theres no competitive matchup option and its just featured as "coming soon". This game is boring as hell and it's giving me a headache...
From what I gathered; This is the exact same open world zombie survival game that gets released every other week.

1. Play like a villain= Have tons of fun that lasts a very short time.
2. Play like a civillian= End up running into a random person that doesn't think the way you do.
3. Sneak around the world just collecting items and only killing zombies= Everyone kills each other off, you end up alone in a server...literally.
4. Try to make friends? Lol, there's other games/platforms/VR is actually entertaining for that.
5. The PVP is hilarious, not in a good way but in a this feels like a 2004 online game hilarious kind of way. Actually, Socom might have been smoother.

Overall, 3/10. 1 Point for the zombies, 2 for the general idea of a zombie survival game and 3 for being free and not charging. Gotta' give props to that. 

Where to start.... first, the game is buggy as hell. Freezes every 5-30 minutes, never was able to play more than 30 straight minutes. When it freezes, your character stays active, so you die. Every. Single. Time.

The community... is terrible. Go on newb servers and everyone ust gangs up on you, camps weapon spots, or camp spawn points.

Then the guns... wait what? More guns than zombies? Okay then....
gonna be honest, i really liked the game, it was fun. but after playeing for a while ive been constantly running into bugs and glitches that just doesnt make the game enjoyable and thats ignoring the terrible spawns your get after your killed. ive had moments when i get out the car on a safe zone and get teleported into the air just to die from fall damage, or many times where my screen blacks out and crashes

I played a bit before when it was called The War Z and then Infestion: Survivor stories. All that seems new is a massive purple bastard who kicks your ass the minute you go into a town for loot. 10/10 ign
this game sucks:(  

i spent nearly two minutes on the loading sreen and it crashed after i playing for ten seconds.

also this game is not beginner-friendly
It takes ten attempts to join a server and I was disconnected after 15 minutes. The gear I picked up was gone after I managed to join again. Otherwise it seems to run just like survivor stories.
So the game developers capitalised FREE TO PLAY in the first sentence of their ad. This really bugs me because if you don't pay for micro-transactions then you will quit the game pretty fast. For a free player, if you die, you cannot play that character again for close to 10 minutes. If you pay(monthly), you can revive instantly. How is this (and I quote) "FREE TO PLAY"? The updates for the game are mostly skins to try and sell you virtual garbage. They have not even updated the character selection screen to dish out more than 10 frames per second on your characters model.. Yeah, the same screen you will be looking at for 10mins when you die if you don't pay monthly. Control are wonky like you see in budget games, animations are garbage and no one plays this anymore for a good reason.
Same game as beggining now is worst with microtransactions xD,no tutorial,no way of knowing how to even get past the 300 zombies guarding every house

Well guess we just wait for it to die.
fcking cant change the stupid resolution..fix your game u dumb asses...ur game sucks..its better if i play  CLASH OF CLANS than this stupid game..
uninstalled it within 5 min of nothing cause this game the moron of this stupid shit doesnt allow me to change the horrible ass fucked resolution
This game is utterly sh*t. There is no valid point to play. Offers skins and other premium stuffs but at the end, there is no goal for the game. You just spawn in and "go do something" although there isnt really anything to do except wandering around and eventually get bored of the game within an hour or so..
This game suck, cause you can't even get to some place to start gathering stuff to survive cause of the massive hord of zombies. And that you can't get in any safe place as they climb everything like stairs even if the user have jump on the stairs. There no way this game can work out if you cannot even get stuff done alone. But yeah, the Survival sucks and it was the ONLY thing interesting me in this game. Also, the annoying music still plays when you entirely have it set it to off.
I HATE THIS GAME. It sucks. No one plays except for that one brazil server with 10 people, i've been walking around for 20 minutes, found a zombie, but i couldn't kill it. It killed me, and it said 322 SHOTS FIRED. 332. **322**
Oh wait, you can only attack them on the head? I'VE TRIED TO PUNCH IT ON THE HEAD. Oh, you know whats great? Everytime you die, you have to wait 10 minutes, 10 MINUTES. I thought i could play this game. This is not google play, get your facts right. I don't even WANT to touch battle royale, if the survival mode is horrendous, then THAT must be even worse. %$@! You, creator, this has no love, no compassion, it just looks like some Garry's Mod Addon that was made by a 4 year old. Don't install, it's only a waste of time.
Unfortunately no fun at all. Only old veteran players playing. Cheaters everywhere. No chance for beginners to achieve anything or to compete against the others. Stay away.
its shit, I STAY ALMOST 3 MINUTES TO BEAT ONE ZOMBIE WHEN I SPAWN FIRST TIME IN A GAME, AND RESOURCE ARE EVEN WORST,  I LOOT 3 HOUSE AND NOTHING IN, AND SPEND 4 HOURS TO BEAT THE ZOMBIE MOST, AND IF 2 ZOMBIE ATTAK YOU, YOU CLEARY FUCKED UP, ITS FUCKING PEACE OF SHIT
