[h1]"You learn how to learn,  how to lose and most importantly you learn about you."[/h1]

Alright.... so here is my dota 2 review after playing almost 6000 hours over  the span of 3 years.

1. general thoughts and how i started:
I was  15 when a friend recommended dota 2 to me. Back then i wouldnt ever have imagined how much time this game would take from me. At some point i was playing 12+ hours a day for weeks. Now im approaching my 19th birthday and im kind of conflicted on what kind of impact  this game had on my life. I learned a lot about myself and generally speaking matured a lot regarding interacting with other humans. Dota isnt just a game, Dota is something else, something i have never experienced even when i was addicted to a mmorpg when i was 9-13. You learn how to learn, how to improve, how to win and how to lose. The most important thing dota teached me was how emotions impact your performance, and that  saying "nothing" is sometimes the best thing to do. In real life no one really teaches you stuff like that since people are kind of used to dealing with emotional assholes. 

2. Did i waste my youth?:
So this sounds a bit depressing but this is a thought that i had sometimes. but realisticially speaking, knowing myself, im really unsure of how much my life wouldve been different if i never started dota. I asume i wouldve been a bit further regarding social contacts but career/school-wise i highly doubt  that it wouldve made a big difference. You gotta  be realistic when thinking about stuff like this. Im not a very social guy. I dont like to put work into stuff i dont care about. The thoughts "lets learn music"  or "lets study" wouldnt have EVER crossed my mind when i was 15. Im pretty sure if i wouldnt have started with dota i wouldve just been gooning around the city and abuse drugs, since thats a lot of fun to me. Back then i actually never even thought about working on something to improve, that whole dimension of "improving" wasnt even there for me. I just went to school got home and did fun stuff sometimes. Thats it. No goals. No aspiration, nothing. Dota changed that.

3. time invested into dota2:
EVERY dota player that has spent more than 1000 hours into this game has had that thought of "oh man i shouldve learned something  with this time.... i couldve been amazing now.." at some point. But everyone is disregarding the fact that grinding dota is something VERY EASY and comfortable to do, unlike studying or learning an instrument. Just think about what kind of game dota 2 is that spending 1000s of hours is something you do with pleasure. It's kind of insane thinking about it. Once i started studying more for  school again i realized how much fucking time 100 hours is. I garantue you that you  will be a top student if youd put 20 hours a week into studying outside of school. But the big difference is that dota is just so much more fun and REWARDING.

REWARDING: dota 2 is FUCKIGN REWARDING. you learn a new hero -> BAMM MMR. you start  understanding how to farm -> M .  M . R 

YOUR RANK GOES FUCKIGN UP. IT FEELS AMAZING. at school you get an A and you smile for about 10 minutes and then youre back to being miserable. theres no punishment for being mediocre. At least thats how i feel right now and im graduating this year(grades are OK(kinda good, not great)). 

ReasoN I WROTE THIS: im downloading dota right now because my laptop is REALLY fucked up adn deletes files something, so i needed something to do 



CONCLUSION: AMAZING GAME, EATS ALL YOUR TIME, YOU WILL HAVE FUN(if you are competetive) 
[i]hope someone will ever read this lol hit me up if you wanna chat[/i]
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
In Dota 2,

Not many people speak your language.
Not many people play well.
Not many people talk nicely.
Not many people work as a team.

But if you find people that do...
You'll have the most fun you've ever had.

Skipped classes thanks to Dota.
Learned to gamble thanks to Dota.
Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota.
Became racist thanks to Dota.

All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself. 

Cancer can be cured,
SEA Dota community can't be.
"THE PUB SUPPORT"


"Where are wards?" The pub Carry demanded. 

"I placed them and they were countered" the Support began, "I am trying to juggle giving you complete lane farm, protecting you and harrassing the enemy while saving to buy more, also possibly sentries to remove their-" 

"UP COUR PLS" the mid hero politely added.

"Give Savle" The Carry demanded. "Certainly." replies the support, using the salve on the Carry who subsequently ran headlong into an enemy creepwave.

 "So where is mek?" the Carry said, after he was ganked due to overextending. The Support died saving him and was treated to a rather enthusiastic series of map pings on his corpse.

"Again, having not even enough to buy boots as well as wards, I don't think a 7 minute Mek is viable." The Support replies.
"Haha look your level, so low, noob" the Carry retorted. "U have no item xaxa".

"Well, jungle gold and experience through stacking and pulling with blocked camps is nowhere near as much as on lane which I attempted to give you, the carry, the priority over."

The Carry is subsequently ganked again at the enemy tower, oblivious to the enemy tp that the Support moved away from. 
"Report Support, usless" The carry cried in allchat, in between mentioning various aspects of the Support's Mother's anatomy.

"Instead of reporting and acting like that, why don't you try supporting for randoms sometime instead of instapicking a carry?" the Support asked, as he watched the Carry return to afk-lasthitting lane creeps.

"HAH, support is for noskill noobs like you!"
DotA 2 Will drain you of your will to keep playing, and yet you will always return.
DotA 2 Will make you regret ever playing it,  and yet you will always think "Just one more game"
DotA 2 Will take away all your free time, and yet you'll almost feel proud of how many hours you have in DotA 2.

With the time you spend on this game, you could do all sorts. Study on learning a new set of skills to further your career. You could raise money for charity. You could be an aid worker for a foreign country and help improve the lives of others. You could even just play other games, you know, those ones sitting in your backlog, pushed aside by DotA 2. 

But you won't.
You will always return to this game. The maximum you will learn from playing this game is how to insult others in various languages (mostly these languages will consist of Russian and Peruvian.). This game will become as much a part of your life as eating or blinking. Half the time you will not even remember having played DotA 2 on a certain day. It just becomes natural to you.

If you start playing this game, you [i]will[/i] become addicted.
You will also spend obscene amounts of money on cosmetics. A quick chest purchase here, a few random items on the market there, and boom. Like me you'll have spent far too much on a game which needs no money spent on it. If you start DotA 2, not only will you be subjecting yourself to a motivation-destroying hobby, but also subjecting yourself to a wallet emptying one too.


tl;dr This game will take away your time, money and patience for others. You will become an angry person.

Basically 10/10 GOTY All years
Skipped classes thanks to Dota.
Learned to gamble thanks to Dota.
Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota.
Became racist thanks to Dota.

All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself. 

Cancer can be cured,
Dota community can't be.
In this game you can:
1- Murderer trees
2- Kill an ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese
3- Learn at least 9 different languages in every single match
4- Kill others players for no apparent reason
5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
If you are worried your children are doing drugs, show them this game. They will be too busy fulfilling their innermost masochistic desires while hopelessly right clicking that they will not have the time for drugs or friends or anything else really.
When it came to dota, I played hard to climb up to the ancient rank
With that achievement I've changed, I became toxic and unbearable

Don't be like me, play it for fun and not for competitive reasons
Dota 2, where do I start. This game has ruined my social life, I spend every day on this game, training, waiting, and drinking through my mountain dew, to one day become the greatest.

My father said to me, "Son, you will never be dondo."

I said to my father, "Dad, I mid, or I feed."

My dad dropped to the ground in tears, screaming at the all mighty gabe newell, begging for his son back, but it was too late, I was already back on dota, at mid, blaming my team for sucking

This game is why I wake up, Why I masturbate, why I decide that masturbating while playing is a good idea. Thank you for such an amazing game, without this game I would have nothing to get mad at when I am rock solid.
So many diffrent heroes and diffrent builds that you can do compared to all the other Moba's in the market. If your looking for a moba to really stick your teeth into and learn lots this is it. 9/10
THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS

GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
1,000 hours played: "OMG you have 1,000 hours played go outside and get a life you virgin"
100 hours played: "OMG you only have 100 hrs played you idiot noob delete Dota"

10/10 Dota community logic
How most of my solo ranked match goes :

1. Find match, wait for all people to load up
2. Marked middle-lane on my minimap
3. A dude on my team :  "Mid or feed !"
4. Be a bigger man and give him mid, then i mark safelane
5. Other dude : "I'm gonna carry, trust me, give me safelane .."
6. Sigh, Mark hardlane and say "I'm going offlane then"
7. Another guy pick BristleBack and said "Just let me offlane !"
8. OMGWTFBBQ ! .. Picking support, being a solo support
9. Working my ass off stackin camps, buying wards, assisting on lanes
10. Have no items because few assist and didn't take any creeps
11. Lose miserably
12. Team said : "GG NOOB SUPPORT NO HELP AT ALL !!"
13. -25 MMR
14. Get Migrane, cries in the shower

11/10 would solo ranked again !
Great game. 5k+ Hours. Hard to learn. Impossible to truly master. So many possibilities and variables. Teamwork crucial. Time consuming (games can be 40-70 mins long). Watch is great too. Personally Am trying my best to play a lot less because of life responsibilities. Suggest watching rather than playing if you are time poor. Some players can be toxic (ie. Rude or angry). Suggest muting them for an enjoyable experience
2013 - Let me try it.
2014 - quite fun
2015 - Ok some heroes are just broken
2016 - This is BullS*it how is he not dead?!!?!
2017 - Great year, great game
2018 - fun
2019 - it's okay

NEW PLAYERS PLEASE NOTE THAT I DO RECCOMEND THE GAME IF YOU ARE INTO LEARNING THINGS! COMMUNITY IS NOT AS TOXIC AS YOU MIGHT THINK. 

DO NOT JUMP INTO AN ONLINE GAME WHEN YOU HAVE JUST STARTED PLAYING, IT WILL RUIN THE GAME WHEN YOU DO NOT HAVE A COOKING CLUE WHAT YOU ARE DOING.

PRACTICE WITH BOTS, AND LEARN YOUR HEROES BEFORE ATTEMPTING ONLINE PLAY!

Gamepaly 9/10
Graphics 8/10
Community 6/10
i had a life before i played dota,
it ruined my college life after i played dota,
i lost my girlfriend bcoz of dota,
i gained weight bcoz of dota,
i lost my job bcoz of dota,
now i am selling my stuff on market bcoz i know i play dota,
i want to leave dota but i cant escape playing dota,
9000 hours on my account and i still want to play dota,
my beard is big as hell bcoz i play dota,
i want to quit,but i cant quit dota,
its all true,
bcoz it ruined my life bcoz i play dota,


Its 25/08/2015 and i still want to play dota,
But i have to stop it now but i still i want to play dota,
I have health problems bcoz of dota,but still i want to play dota,
This is not life but still i want to play dota,
I can't have sex bcoz i am fat but still i want to play dota,
I tried to be Hindi Caster for India and it Lusts me to play dota,
But its High Time and I Have to Quit Dota,
I am Finally Deleting this game without backup but my heart still wants dota!!
Last But Not Least
SO IF U WANT A LIFE,JUST STOP PLAYING DOTA!!
1) set server region to Europe West
2) language preference - English only
3) find a match
4) realise that 5 people in your match are russians
5) get reported by them for PICKING riki
6) quit

Rating: cукa/10
Play at your own risk. 
- almost died from heart attacks. 
- a friend tried to kill me in real life. 
- i lost my job. 
- my girlfriend left me. 
- spent too much money on hats, now i'm bankcrupt.
- gain too much weight from playing and eating junk food

10/10 would waste my life again
You awaken in a cold room. You are naked, and shivering. Looking up from your bed of damp straw, you can just make out what seems to be the Peruvian flag hung from the celing. There is a pistol on a small table near by. For some reason, you are drawn to it. It calls to you like a siren's song. You put it in your mouth, the gunmetal tastes so sweet. The last words you hear, echoing through the chamber: "REPORT NOOB MID HIJO DE PUTA NO GANK"
In this game you can:
1- Murderer trees
2- Kill a ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese
3- Learn at most 9 different languages in every single match
4- Kill others players for no apparent reason
5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated.  I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying.  Before I knew it, I was performing лучше and better.  I stopped making silly ошибки and я got vastly better at not кормление the enemy команда.  For the наиболее part, everyone I've met was very helpful and хороший, there есть the иногда рывок however.  As Я по-прежнему play DOTA2 все более и более, Я уверен, что я буду продолжать совершенствовать.  Я рекомендую эту игру для всех!
DOTA 2, THE SEQUEL TO THE AWARD WINNING DOTA

STARRING:
Sven Staffani
Riki Martin
2 Puck
Stevie Nyx
Jackie Chen
Hrithik Roshan
Slark Walberg
Joaquin Phoenix
Justin Timbersaw
Justin Weaver
Clinkz Eastwood
John Lina
Jim Carry
Tom Tanks
Natalie Supportman
Sarah Jessica Ganker﻿
Alch Pacino
Matt Dagon
Christian Bane
Ellen Pudge
Ed Harrass
Eddie Morphling
Morgan Fiendman
Snoop Lion
Bruce Lich
Ben Sladar
Robert De Ny-ro
Leonardo DisRuptio
Russel Drowe
Dazzle Washington
Mick Jaggernaut
50 Centaur
Malcolm Axe
Orlando Doom
Mirana Kerr
Zeus Willis

DIRECTED BY:
M. Night Stalker
Stanley Rubick

COMING SOON TO A COMPUTER NEAR YOU
Imagine, for a moment, that it is Christmas morning. Your home is abuzz with laughter, and the smell of fresh baked goods drifts up from downstairs. You race to the tree, and begin to open a beautiful present, adorned with festive colors and a wrapping scheme that is both dauntingly complex yet also simple in its execution. You turn to your mother, father, and two siblings and smile; for you know that your adventure into opening your gift is about to begin. You go to open your unwrapped box, and BWONG.. A horn bellows, deafening you. Out of the box pops a small, dwarf-like figure, wielding a multicultural bat festooned with Ecuadorian and Peruvian patterns, and of Russian construction. "THANKS FOR STANDING STILL, GANKER," he shrieks, as he wallops young brother Timmy in the teeth. Your mother tuts and scolds him, for being out of position. The dwarf darts under the tree, looking for a hole in the wall to continue his pursuit of rat-DOTA. "Gank him, cyka blyat!" your father roars, as he sits on the couch lazily and watches. You crawl, desperate for your gift of victory over the rat, under the tree, and he continues to elude you. Suddenly, with a flourish, he produces a lighter, and proceeds to methodically burn down your house while muttering "GG 2 EZ", and your family sits in the living room muttering "garbage team" and "reported". Your family home burns down around them, and only you escape the engulfing flames, accompanied by the chortles of the dwarf. Downtrodden but not easily bested, you begin your walk down the street to your friend's house, in the hopes that by having Christmas at their house, you might be able to somehow catch the multicultural dwarf on the second try.

10/10 Best fun and Peruvian simulator.
This game allows you to exert your knowledge and understanding of layered mechanics (and exceptions of those game mechanisms) onto randomly-selected regional people without their permission or interest.

Heated debates can lead to forged alliances to achieve that common goal or end into displaced frustration projected onto others to substitute one's own failures and inabilities to execute one's characters' (heroes') qualities.

On the other hand, this game allows one to create 'hero build' guides as a pretense to be productive with his/her vexation as well as to fruitlessly raise the standard of expected knowledge of the game through item and ability walkthroughs in hopes that those one encounters in the future, rely on these indirect, serviced suggestion(s).
[u][b]The Real Dota 2[/b][/u]

[b] Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played [/b] [strike] both professionally and casually[/strike] [b] incompetently by millions of enslaved [/b] [strike] passionate fans[/strike] [b] Russians worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred [/b] [strike] heroes[/strike] [b] carries, forming two teams of [/b] [strike] five players[/strike] [b] five feeders. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts [/b] [strike] to control a gorgeous fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare[/strike] [b] raging in an unknown language and teamfighting with one RAMPAGE victor.

Irresistibly [/b] [strike] colorful on the surface[/strike] [b] addictive, Dota is a game [/b] [strike] of infinite depth and complexity[/strike] [b] which requires, no, infact takes an infinite amount of your life away. Every hero has an array of skills and abilities [/b] [strike] that combine with the skills of their allies in unexpected ways, to ensure that no game is ever remotely alike[/strike] [b] that allow players to screw with their allies and get their teams killed. This is one of the reasons that [/b] [strike] the Dota phenomenon has continued to grow[/strike] [b] Dota will have more rage quitting and all chat abuse than any other game. Originating as a fan-made Warcraft 3 modification, Dota was an instant underground hit. After coming to Valve, the original community developers have bridged the gap to a more inclusive [/b] [strike] audience[/strike] [b] Russia, so that the rest of the world can [/b] [strike] experience the same core gameplay, but with the level of polish that only Valve can provide[/strike] [b] learn from these ingenious people and become inspired to spread their knowledge with the rest of the world.

Get a taste of the game that [/b] [strike] has enthralled millions[/strike] [b] will happily teach you fluent russian all for the sweet price of $0. [u][url=http://imgur.com/5VAfHyM]Just choose your server.[/url][/u] [/b] <- Link

NOTE: Original description by Valve, edited by myself.
I got addicted to this game very easily!
How can you not with such great features like:

-Get abused by friends
-Learn to abuse your friends
-No matter what language setting you provide you still will be a 'cyka'
-Feel slightly racist towards Russains
-A loving comunity that just thinks you need to practice more so therefor 'uninstal dota u noob', 'play botz fgt' or 'report invoqerr he feed' 
-If it was a 60 minute close game always remember to write 'EZ GAME GG NOOBS'
-You instantly get a few cool nicknames when you play dota, 'feeder, noob, 'cyka' and lots more
-Learn how to get self esteem issues, anxiety and if you're lucky even deppression

This game is great, and with such a fantastic comunity you know you're going to enjoy every moment of it.
When I was young, I started to suffer from a major crack addiction. This was becoming a real problem. after telling a friend about my struggle with narcotics, he suggested I played this crazy game called DOTA 2. I spent some of my crack money on a new computer so I could play this game. The more I played, the more it started to attract me. In the end, I realised that this game was a much healthier substitute to crack cocaine. I gave up crack last year, never looked back. Now I waste my life away playing DOTA 2 instead.

10/10 Saved my life
When in a game, if someone type this words :
putang ina, bobo, ako mid. Leave the match, don't ever ask why, just do it.
This is an important message for everyone, leave the match.
As a guy that started playing DotA1 back in 2006, take my words that you'll only be able to enjoy this game if you totally dedicate yourself to learn and get better at it, in other words, you'll need a lot of TIME to actually enjoy the game.

DOTA2 is a very competitive game, where teamwork is everything, and unfortunately a lot of players don't actually care or know about that, and thus making the game a rather difficult experience, especially for new players.

New player advice: Read as much as you can on the internet about DOTA2,watch videos, watch tournaments, get as much help as you can, starting fresh in a game that has an audience this big with a lot of experienced players is tough, since the majority of the players that will be on your team will expect you to know the game.

As a new player you would expect the game to put you in a team with other new players, right?

Well DOTA2 system doesn't work like that, even if you're a new player, there's still a chance that you'll be put in a team with someone who has 2000hours in the game, this games evaluates you in WIN rate, and any new account has a rather high win rate, so it ends up putting you with very experienced players and you most likely won't get in a bracket with ONLY new players.

As for playing the game, I would advise you to NEVER play SOLO ranked before actually knowing a huge part of the game, you can play NORMAL,TURBO or PARTY with your friends, but never actually try to get a SOLO rank, without knowing the game you'll most likely get a very low rank and it's really, really hard to climb from there, so don't make this mistake.

Keep in mind this game has a huge community and with that there's a big part of it that consist in toxic players, so it's very common for players in game to start a flame-war and ruin the experience, the best thing to do is open scoreboard and mute those people, this game needs you to be focused on the actual game rather than the people in the chat arguing with each other, even if it means muting all 4 of your teammates,you could also try to calm everyone down, but that almost never works out.

Best advice for me is, try to be as POLITE as possible, even if you're playing bad, try to get ideas/advices in-game from your teammates like "What item should I get for my hero?", saying "My bad" or "Sorry" everytime you do something wrong is also good, it makes people understand that you know you did something wrong and they might start helping you in-game.
Comrades, it is time to rejoice. The cult classic Communist adventure saga continues with the newest installment of the series, Downfall of the Americans 2: Stalin's Revemge. Featuring the original cast of Stalin and all of his closest friends, including Russian Bear, Dr. Vodka, and Krokodealer, this game is a must have for the whole village. Destroy filthy American Strongholds to spread wealth to all of your comrades, use teamwork to crush the American scum, and lead your comrades to victory. Feel as though you are on a whole different level than your peers? Play ranked matches to realize that you suck just as much as they do. Looking for an easy game to boost morale? Enter a bot match to fight Americans as they should be percieved: easy to find and easy to kill. The game even features collectable hats to help your characters survive the harsh winter. Karl Marx/10
I've always wanted to go to Russia. To learn the culture, eat and drink and see the sights. But I cannot do that, as it is expensive and I'm busy doing my uni work.

But then I found Dota 2. This free learning course teaches you all about Russians and their culture. I can even speak decent Russian! However, these Russian people can get quite angry and annoying. They often shout the phrase "cyka" and bring you to the depths of insanity. I got forced to drink my sorrows away during the beginning of the course, but it was worth it in the end.

If you don't have the time and money to travel to Russia, I'd suggest you pick up Dota 2. A fantastic learning resource.

8/10
"You learn how to learn, how to lose and most importantly you learn about you."

Alright.... so here is my dota 2 review after playing almost 6000 hours over the span of 3 years.

1. general thoughts and how i started:
I was 15 when a friend recommended dota 2 to me. Back then i wouldnt ever have imagined how much time this game would take from me. At some point i was playing 12+ hours a day for weeks. Now im approaching my 19th birthday and im kind of conflicted on what kind of impact this game had on my life. I learned a lot about myself and generally speaking matured a lot regarding interacting with other humans. Dota isnt just a game, Dota is something else, something i have never experienced even when i was addicted to a mmorpg when i was 9-13. You learn how to learn, how to improve, how to win and how to lose. The most important thing dota teached me was how emotions impact your performance, and that saying "nothing" is sometimes the best thing to do. In real life no one really teaches you stuff like that since people are kind of used to dealing with emotional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. 

2. Did i waste my youth?:
So this sounds a bit depressing but this is a thought that i had sometimes. but realisticially speaking, knowing myself, im really unsure of how much my life wouldve been different if i never started dota. I asume i wouldve been a bit further regarding social contacts but career/school-wise i highly doubt that it wouldve made a big difference. You gotta be realistic when thinking about stuff like this. Im not a very social guy. I dont like to put work into stuff i dont care about. The thoughts "lets learn music" or "lets study" wouldnt have EVER crossed my mind when i was 15. Im pretty sure if i wouldnt have started with dota i wouldve just been gooning around the city and abuse drugs, since thats a lot of fun to me. Back then i actually never even thought about working on something to improve, that whole dimension of "improving" wasnt even there for me. I just went to school got home and did fun stuff sometimes. Thats it. No goals. No aspiration, nothing. Dota changed that.

3. time invested into dota2:
EVERY dota player that has spent more than 1000 hours into this game has had that thought of "oh man i shouldve learned something with this time.... i couldve been amazing now.." at some point. But everyone is disregarding the fact that grinding dota is something VERY EASY and comfortable to do, unlike studying or learning an instrument. Just think about what kind of game dota 2 is that spending 1000s of hours is something you do with pleasure. It's kind of insane thinking about it. Once i started studying more for school again i realized how much ♥♥♥♥ing time 100 hours is. I garantue you that you will be a top student if youd put 20 hours a week into studying outside of school. But the big difference is that dota is just so much more fun and REWARDING.

REWARDING: dota 2 is ♥♥♥♥IGN REWARDING. you learn a new hero -> BAMM MMR. you start understanding how to farm -> M . M . R 

YOUR RANK GOES ♥♥♥♥IGN UP. IT FEELS AMAZING. at school you get an A and you smile for about 10 minutes and then youre back to being miserable. theres no punishment for being mediocre. At least thats how i feel right now and im graduating this year(grades are OK(kinda good, not great)). 

ReasoN I WROTE THIS: im downloading dota right now because my laptop is REALLY ♥♥♥♥ed up adn deletes files something, so i needed something to do 



CONCLUSION: AMAZING GAME, EATS ALL YOUR TIME, YOU WILL HAVE FUN(if you are competetive) 
hope someone will ever read this lol hit me up if you wanna chat
Ruined my life. Told my friends. It ruined their life too. 5 stars.

**update :
1. Learnt how to swear in russian and philippines, 5/5
2. Report Simulator 2014, 5/5
3. Commend beggars everywhere, 5/5
4. 5/5
When I started playing Dota 2, I didn't know any Russian, now I'm Vladimir Putin. A better language learning software than Rosetta Stone.

69/10, would recommend.
Its like crack. When its good i's good, and when its bad its still pretty good.

Serious note: You shouldn't smoke crack unless you want to lose everything in your life. If you are smoking crack please re-evaluate your life.
The first time you play you will have a very unpleasant experience and most likely uninstall the game. Within a few days, however, you'll feel an urge to play it. You're going to watch videos of pro people teaching you how to play, and you're going to think that now you're really good.
You're wrong.
Over time, however, things will get better, and you'll actually start winning. Then, you start losing again, but this time it's not your fault; it's your teams fault. Always remember that NOTHING is EVER your fault. Your dumbass anti-mage was complaining that you were stealing his farm, but it's your farm dammit! Then pudge is getting butthurt about losing lane because he never had a flying courier, when the real reason he lost is because he didn't give you unit control when you are clearly a better pudge! Meanwhile the enemy team is getting fed because your teamates never backed you up when you blitzkrieged in 1v5, and they even have the nerve to question your methods! Then you notice that your dumbass anti-mage is in the jungle farming because "he couldn't farm in lane." You know, however, that he is just a noob.
Eventually the enemy is pushing your tier 3s, and the game is obviously over. This is the time when you give up and sit in base. Ignore the fact that your team has won the last two teamfights and you are starting to catch up, it's better if you just quit now. While you're waiting in base, make sure that the enemy team knows that you are not at fault in your loss. Make sure you type in all-chat "team noob" followed up by "report anti-mage." If they ask why you want them to report him, ignore them, if your team has the bodacity to try and defend themseves, repeatedly say phrases such as "lol ur so bad" and "ur just mad cuz you cant play." You could also take the alternative route and say things like "им незрелые восьмилетний" and "я должен убить себя."

Yea, the game and communtiy can be a cyka sometimes, but it's also a super fun game that requires fast paced decision making as well as strategical analysis. Plus, it unifies gamers and conservatives by creating one common hatred: Russians.

All in all, this game is 90% getting pissed, and 10% feeling like you're on top of the world, but that 10% makes you feel sooooo good that it keeps pulling you back.
Dota 2 is sequel to critically acclaimed hat trading sim, Team Fortress 2. 
What Valve has managed to do with hats is astounding. They've improved upon everything that the original had to offer, and then they kicked it up a notch.

  Imagine a world where everyone and every thing has a hat. Now imagine that you can become THAT hat. You are the weapon, you are the bullet, you are the sword edge. 
That's immersion on a new level. Never before has an experience been this good.

I recommend this to anyone who has ever, or will ever dream of hat, hats, or hat accesories. 
If you haven't yet, you need to experience this. 
Go do it. Now.
11/10 Hats, it's all right.

2016 Update: I haven't touched this game in 2+ years and there's a reason for that; I'm too busy wearing and showing off my hats. Great hats/10
Just like real-time chess, but everyone is a queen. Some queens shoot lasers, some summon huge Golems and some sing so hard your eardrums burst. Dota 2 is definitely one of the best games of this generation, and I'm certain it will remain as popular and as influnencal for many years to come.

Graphics: 8.5/10
Very pretty, the art direction in DotA 2 is one of the best. The source engine ensures you can run it on anything more powerful than a toaster, and have it look great too. Cosmetics look great, and fit perfectly, with some exceptions,(I'm looking at you Alpine Ursa) but many stay true to the heros artstyle. 

Sound: 9.5/10
All heros have a multitude of voice lines,and some even respond to one another (e.g Tidehunters hatred for Kunnka). If you find the default anouncer not too flash, theres a huge variety of optional packs, from the smoth talking Narrator from bastion, to the harsh condescending tone of Pyrion Flax. 

Gameplay: 10/10
The big one. Theres a reason DotA Allstars got so popular, not just from the incredible passsion from the community, or the dedication of IceFrog and co., but from the incredible gameplay that spawned one of gamings most popular genres. From perfectly co-ordinating a fountain hook, to getting stuck on top of a cliff accidentally as Storm Spirit, no other genre rivals DotA 2 outstanding strategic gameplay and near-vertical learning curve. At the time of writing, I have 7,469 hours played and I've only just scratched the surface in the combos, stratagy and 107 availble heros to use, it takes year of hard work, dedication and passion to become truly great at the strategical masterpeice that is Dota 2.

- beardATTACK @ fren
Imagine you're playing a game with a few friends and you're having fun. You exchange jokes and high fives all around after every epic moment. Your bro turns to you and says, "I love this game, and I definitely do not want to kill myself!" You all laugh. You are having a good time. You are not playing Dota 2.
If you're masochistic and enjoy listening to people cuss you out in Portuguese, Spanish, and Russian, you should play. Make sure to set your server settings to US West, US East, and preferred language to English to get the best Portuguese/Spanish/Russian experience.
If you're looking for a League of Legends clone, look elsewhere; if you're looking for a MOBA that you can play for a couple weeks or even months and become good at, look elsewhere. I've been playing Dota 2 for around 10 years since it was DotA, the Warcraft III custom map and I'll tell you right now there's still a lot of room for personal improvement. This game boils down to far more than individual skill, tactics, and teamwork/cooperation. The author of "Three Lane Highway" (see pcgamer.com) has called Dota an "isometric wizard-em up" game, and I think it's fitting. There are so many aspects to this game, so many factors that control the outcome that if you try and sit down and list them all it'll take you a couple hours. And you'll still miss some. I have played pretty much every single "Multi-player Online Battle Arena" on the market, and no matter how interesting they are or what different elements they try to bring to the gameplay, I always end up coming back to Dota. 

If you want to seriously challenge yourself, and you have the will and motivation to work towards a lofty goal that many are unable to reach, this is the game for you.
This is yet another new release by the company "MOBA" (you may know this company from their popular games such as League of Legends, Dead island Epidemic and Dawngate).
This is a very slow paced first person shooter set in the age after the 3rd great war in which humanity has been set back in the ages where magic was still okay to use, in this game you play as an ex soldier trying to defeat the main communist overlord "sniper" who threatens america as we know it. 

The single player aspect of this game is probably the best experience you'll have in this game as the online is currently dead, the developers stopped updating this game after league of legends was confirmed to be more balanced and a hell of a lot better.

They did however unlock a new game mode called "Compendium" in which you simulate reading a book and collect trading cards.

I'll give this game 3 meepos out of 5, it's okay but the fact that you're required to be able to speak russian to get this game really lets it down.
First twenty hours playing this game, got called NOOB for so many times that i went down to my basement and cried daily
Second twenty hours playing this game, joined others and called the new guy 'NOOB' to avoid being called 'NOOB'
Third twenty hours playing this, I finally got the courage to call others 'NOOB' all by myself
Fourth twenty hours playing this game, I finally became mature enough to stop with all the NOOB bs and started to give advice to the other players from atop my mighty throne

Overall, DOTA 2 is an addictive, competitive MMO whose community precedes its reputation, almost everyone is downright selfish, everyone only wants more kills to sate their hunger for commendations, which they even beg for.
The trick to enjoying it though ?
start playing with friends or people you know, make a plan, help your teammates, and CHOOSE A SUPPORT IF YOU SEE THERE ARE NONE !
and reach level 13 and you can play ranked matches, where the people are not much friendlier but will at least help you out.
EDIT: oh and always remember to uncheck  'Russia' when selecting servers
why ? no reason, just thought i should say that ^^

GODLIKE GAME !  someone kill it (you will get this reference after playing the game)

Still good in 2016
DOTA 2 is the best in the MOBA class. I've played LoL, DOTA and some lesser known MOBAs and DOTA 2 is by far the best. In addition, it is F2P which is amazing. Unlike LoL or HoN which require you to use a rotating hero list until you buy your own with real money or accumulate enough in-game currency to buy a single hero, DOTA 2 immediately gives you access to its entire library of heroes, for free. The only paid content are cosmetical items that do not change gameplay. Graphics are great. Gameplay is great. Crashes are very minimal. ITS FREE.
Before playing Dota, I was an active guy, often played sports. Now I only play Dota
Before playing Dota, I did weightlifting. Now I carry 4 idiots in my team
Before playing Dota, I loved people all over the world. Now I curse those noob pinoys
Before playing Dota, I had a gorgeous and talented girlfriend. Now I only love Luna
Before playing Dota, I spent cash on essentail stuffs. Now i spend on senseless skins
Before playing Dota, I spent most of my time learning history, paleontology, military science. Now I spam techies
Dota takes all I have, from my priceless time to a lovely lady I've laid my love on
10/10 ruin my life
There are lot of toxic players playing this game. Most specially, those accounts which are binded with mobile phones but doesnt have market history purchased or sold items. 
Kindly ban those accounts which has no steam purchase at all coming from 1k bracket. Those are  cancer accounts.
This game teaches me a lot about life whether youre committed to this game or just playing it for fun i think we all can agree that this game thus teach us patience and tbh the more i play the more patience i have to be with this game so thank you dota.
That was my first game on this account and the reason I’ve signed up to Steam. Well, I think that 10 hours is not enough to taste that game at all, but first view made it clear that this is one of the best MMO RPG ever.
5k hours of gameplay and counting. The best game in the MOBA genre, loads of fun for new players, while discovering new heros, and still entertaining for seasoned players, as we get to discover New mechanics and advanced strategies.
I've fallen in love with this game, in this game i was able to express my greatest feeling. It can be happiness, sadness, anything i feel can be expressed clearlt in this game. This game is part of my life, i hope this game can be part of your life too. Best regards...
Very entertaining your strategy skill was getting improve, only problem is the other players that sometimes don't understand newbie, and they expect their team was a perfect, every one was start without knowledge every time you died or been killed they say already your a NOOB or a Feeder please be consider to newbie, but over all this game was great and i love it since i was started 2007 @ DOTA1... great job to the creator and the team i will support this game
Good game before I join the game I said to myself that Dota2 is absolutely not worth this much of attention but when I play it for 2h I saw that why this game is popular, nice gameplay and a lot of heroes and no cheaters(this is most important reason for me to play Dota2). In begining it is hard to act like pro and it is so clear why, because you are new to the game.  In general, try to experience Dota2 at least for 1 hour and you will understand why this game is so popular.
Worst part about the game is the community.
If you can get past that then the game is great.

Note: Also functions as an intro to the russian language.
I had hair before i played DOTA 2. One week after, I have no more hair on my entire body. I do however recommend DOTA 2 to others. Who knows, maybe you guys will still have hair.
This is one of the best designed games of all time. Each iteration of it reinvigorates the game and breathes new life into it. That being said, it has one of the worst communities in all of gaming. Almost everyone, from the pros to the scrubs, has an attitude problem. Furthermore, the game is highly addictive, even in unranked. Thus, if you pair this game with people who have no real source of joy or motivation in their life then you will end up with addicts. They love the high that this game brings, that feeling of flow, and start conflating it with actual joy. Thus, when they're denied that joy they become incredibly miserable and toxic.

All in all, I would say that if you are a well-adjusted individual then this game is a great game to play. You will have an amazing time playing, the mods are incredible, and you can even learn about creative game design and balancing from it. However, if you have emotional or mental health issues and are using this game as a digital escape then I would recommend that you stay away from it. You can very easily get hooked onto it and a long time will fly by before you're ever able to give it up. For many, this game will be far harder to quit than smoking will ever be.
I just heard this game from my friends...
"I was like nah I'm not into that type of games" But One day I decided to download this game and give it a try!
So yeah I gave it a try and little do I know, "I already spent 8 hours" playing this game!
I loved how it encourages you to play and play and play again to get better and someday be able to carry your own team.
It also encourages you to become the ultimate support ever... (I want this one rather than the carry xD)

So yeah enough with the background...
I'll rate this game 9/10 :)
I love its graphics. It looks so lively!
I love the gameplay.. It encourages team work and stuff
The community itself is "okay" although there are a lot of TOXIC players who will just randomly trash talk you for not being good at this game. The worst part here is they are not even doing their  part either!
The sounds is also good at this game.
Bee Movie Script - Dialogue Transcript
Voila! Finally, the Bee Movie script is here for all you fans of the Jerry Seinfeld animated movie. This puppy is a transcript that was painstakingly transcribed using the screenplay and/or viewings of the movie to get the dialogue. I know, I know, I still need to get the cast names in there and all that jazz, so if you have any corrections, feel free to drop me a line. At least you'll have some Bee Movie quotes (or even a monologue or two) to annoy your coworkers with in the meantime, right?
And swing on back to Drew's Script-O-Rama afterwards -- because reading is good for your noodle. Better than Farmville, anyway.
Bee Movie Script
  
  
According to all known laws
of aviation,

  
there is no way a bee
should be able to fly.

  
Its wings are too small to get
its fat little body off the ground.

  
The bee, of course, flies anyway

  
because bees don't care
what humans think is impossible.

  
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.

  
Ooh, black and yellow!
Let's shake it up a little.

  
Barry! Breakfast is ready!

  
Ooming!

  
Hang on a second.

  
Hello?

  
- Barry?
- Adam?

  
- Oan you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.

  
Looking sharp.

  
Use the stairs. Your father
paid good money for those.

  
Sorry. I'm excited.

  
Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.

  
A perfect report card, all B's.

  
Very proud.

  
Ma! I got a thing going here.

  
- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!

  
- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.
- Bye!

  
Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!

  
- Hey, Adam.
- Hey, Barry.

  
- Is that fuzz gel?
- A little. Special day, graduation.

  
Never thought I'd make it.

  
Three days grade school,
three days high school.

  
Those were awkward.

  
Three days college. I'm glad I took
a day and hitchhiked around the hive.

  
You did come back different.

  
- Hi, Barry.
- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.

  
- Hear about Frankie?
- Yeah.

  
- You going to the funeral?
- No, I'm not going.

  
Everybody knows,
sting someone, you die.

  
Don't waste it on a squirrel.
Such a hothead.

  
I guess he could have
just gotten out of the way.

  
I love this incorporating
an amusement park into our day.

  
That's why we don't need vacations.

  
Boy, quite a bit of pomp...
under the circumstances.

  
- Well, Adam, today we are men.
- We are!

  
- Bee-men.
- Amen!

  
Hallelujah!

  
Students, faculty, distinguished bees,

  
please welcome Dean Buzzwell.

  
Welcome, New Hive Oity
graduating class of...

  
...9:15.

  
That concludes our ceremonies.

  
And begins your career
at Honex Industries!

  
Will we pick ourjob today?

  
I heard it's just orientation.

  
Heads up! Here we go.

  
Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.

  
- Wonder what it'll be like?
- A little scary.

  
Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco

  
and a part of the Hexagon Group.

  
This is it!

  
Wow.

  
Wow.

  
We know that you, as a bee,
have worked your whole life

  
to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.

  
Honey begins when our valiant Pollen
Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.

  
Our top-secret formula

  
is automatically color-corrected,
scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured

  
into this soothing sweet syrup

  
with its distinctive
golden glow you know as...

  
Honey!

  
- That girl was hot.
- She's my cousin!

  
- She is?
- Yes, we're all cousins.

  
- Right. You're right.
- At Honex, we constantly strive

  
to improve every aspect
of bee existence.

  
These bees are stress-testing
a new helmet technology.

  
- What do you think he makes?
- Not enough.

  
Here we have our latest advancement,
the Krelman.

  
- What does that do?
- Oatches that little strand of honey

  
that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.

  
Oan anyone work on the Krelman?

  
Of course. Most bee jobs are
small ones. But bees know

  
that every small job,
if it's done well, means a lot.

  
But choose carefully

  
because you'll stay in the job
you pick for the rest of your life.

  
The same job the rest of your life?
I didn't know that.

  
What's the difference?

  
You'll be happy to know that bees,
as a species, haven't had one day off

  
in 27 million years.

  
So you'll just work us to death?

  
We'll sure try.

  
Wow! That blew my mind!

  
"What's the difference?"
How can you say that?

  
One job forever?
That's an insane choice to have to make.

  
I'm relieved. Now we only have
to make one decision in life.

  
But, Adam, how could they
never have told us that?

  
Why would you question anything?
We're bees.

  
We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.

  
You ever think maybe things
work a little too well here?

  
Like what? Give me one example.

  
I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.

  
Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force on approach.

  
Wait a second. Oheck it out.

  
- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!
- Wow.

  
I've never seen them this close.

  
They know what it's like
outside the hive.

  
Yeah, but some don't come back.

  
- Hey, Jocks!
- Hi, Jocks!

  
You guys did great!

  
You're monsters!
You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!

  
- I wonder where they were.
- I don't know.

  
Their day's not planned.

  
Outside the hive, flying who knows
where, doing who knows what.

  
You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen
Jock. You have to be bred for that.

  
Right.

  
Look. That's more pollen
than you and I will see in a lifetime.

  
It's just a status symbol.
Bees make too much of it.

  
Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it
and the ladies see you wearing it.

  
Those ladies?
Aren't they our cousins too?

  
Distant. Distant.

  
Look at these two.

  
- Oouple of Hive Harrys.
- Let's have fun with them.

  
It must be dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.

  
Yeah. Once a bear pinned me
against a mushroom!

  
He had a paw on my throat,
and with the other, he was slapping me!

  
- Oh, my!
- I never thought I'd knock him out.

  
What were you doing during this?

  
Trying to alert the authorities.

  
I can autograph that.

  
A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?

  
Yeah. Gusty.

  
We're hitting a sunflower patch
six miles from here tomorrow.

  
- Six miles, huh?
- Barry!

  
A puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not up for it.

  
- Maybe I am.
- You are not!

  
We're going 0900 at J-Gate.

  
What do you think, buzzy-boy?
Are you bee enough?

  
I might be. It all depends
on what 0900 means.

  
Hey, Honex!

  
Dad, you surprised me.

  
You decide what you're interested in?

  
- Well, there's a lot of choices.
- But you only get one.

  
Do you ever get bored
doing the same job every day?

  
Son, let me tell you about stirring.

  
You grab that stick, and you just
move it around, and you stir it around.

  
You get yourself into a rhythm.
It's a beautiful thing.

  
You know, Dad,
the more I think about it,

  
maybe the honey field
just isn't right for me.

  
You were thinking of what,
making balloon animals?

  
That's a bad job
for a guy with a stinger.

  
Janet, your son's not sure
he wants to go into honey!

  
- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.
- I'm not trying to be funny.

  
You're not funny! You're going
into honey. Our son, the stirrer!

  
- You're gonna be a stirrer?
- No one's listening to me!

  
Wait till you see the sticks I have.

  
I could say anything right now.
I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!

  
Let's open some honey and celebrate!

  
Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.
Shave my antennae.

  
Shack up with a grasshopper. Get
a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"!

  
I'm so proud.

  
- We're starting work today!
- Today's the day.

  
Oome on! All the good jobs
will be gone.

  
Yeah, right.

  
Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,
stirrer, front desk, hair removal...

  
- Is it still available?
- Hang on. Two left!

  
One of them's yours! Oongratulations!
Step to the
Q: Are there frogs in DotA 2?
A: Looking at my hours on record should be all the evidence one needs to see that DotA 2 contains a great deal of frogs. From hippity-hoppity frogs bouncing about the map merrily (on several terrains no less!) to a dedicated frog courier. I recommend DotA 2 to all frog enthusiasts.
This game is super hard.  I'm just glad I made it to 69 hours and have no further will to play.  Godspeed to all who can handle the complexity of this game.
I understand if you don't like this game. To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Dota 2. It's perfectly okay if you just can't comprehend the intricate design of the game.
I have been playing this game for 3 miserable years and 'm wrinting this review as an advice. 

To whom it may concern.. 

Uninstall this game and run for your life before its too late. Maybe the reader now giggling and drawing an image on his/her mind says this guy is a nerd. No im not, I'm a fitness guy with good shape studying engineering, which I had a social life in the past . I lost too much things on my life most of them are privacy/personal things not going to write them down but one of them is my education 24 years old still studying engineering because of this game.  If you are going to say that you can manage your day between playing "DOTA" and studying or working you are wrong because the average match time is 35 min *only 1 match. So 35 min × 3 games per day = 105 min. Not mentioning that some games exceed 1 hour if both teams played well. Please take this as an advice from 24 years old guy who has been suffering for 3 years because of this game I sucked on education you can be better than me and quit, I destroyed my dream and now im trying to bring it back wish me good luck.

Please this is not a "joke post" and this advice aiming on teenagers who want to achieve their future dreams just don't play this game its fuckin AWESOME game but you have to pay your life for it.

Your choice life or Dota and this is not a joke if you throw my words away just please save my comment on your favorites and come back after 3 years don't cry if your life got ruined.

Save my comment if you don't want to take my advice you can visit this comment again.

Most of positive reviews are written by Valve's agents believe me.
I always hate the sort of guy that comes with 4k hours + and says it's not worth it, but allow me to be that guy for a second.

Let me start of by saying that I do not hate the game itself, rather it's the matchmaking and the people that populate the game I hate.

Get ready for frustration, tears, screamings, trying to be a psychologist for 40m, working around the issues of every single player, I'm DONE I'm freaking done I played 4.426 hours this, and the obvious reason it's to ask why, why did I do it?

Well people get adicted to all sorts of things, look at people that smoke, it's killing them slowly but they get a relief when they get anxious, dota was my tobacco when I felt the anxiety of the day to day life I would resort to dota to calm down the anxiety. The competitive aspect of it appealed to me, and I felt that with enough patiente and fidinig the right people to play with, I could give a shot to being professional no chance.

Firt of all I was decent not crazy good or anything, but when I tried to be reasonable with my team, when I counter the enemy, when I played whatever role or hero was needed, in other words to help the team whatever their needs were.

The more I tried to be as understanding the more I failed, because people didn't want to play the game as it is design, instead they want to bring their issues into the table and for you to deal with them.

And after playing up and down the the ranking ladder for a big time. I transition into a freaking range monster at times I would stop and listen to what I was saying and I could felt the toxicity driping off my mouth. I couldn't take it, when people  decided they were going to be afk because certain demands weren't meet or when someone got frustrated and proceded to feed and on and on and on.

That is my complain, make no mistake dota is highly competitive game, if the matchmaking doesn't match you with people on your level, your are going to roll on the spiral of frustration, and there's a lot of kids playing just for trolling purposes, the matchmaking sometime matches you with people that have 200 hours when you just simply wonder How?

Avoid this massive pit of frustration. You'll thank me later when you have an anxiety free life.

El fideo Rubio.
Dota 2 is cancer. Please don't play this. I have enough hours of this toxic world. Delete if you have it, don't install if you do not have it. Stay away from things that lead you into your own darkness. Find something that will bring your positive nature out for the world to see. Not something that is designed to drain you spiritually. I'm done. 5k hours has been more than a lifetime needs of this kak.
8k hours ,8k matches played, 5k MMR 2014 > 2019 i think ill be editing this comment at year 2029 with 28k hours 28k games played, still 5k MMR F@$#%%^*

Dont PLAY ! SAVE YOUR LIFE
I've spend around 8000 hours on that game,which is the equivalent of almost 1 year playing 24/7.
The mechanics of the game are amazing,and it is for me the BEST MOBA by far (I've also played LoL,HOTS and SMITE)
It's an intense and thrilling game to play,But I've enjoyed half of my time spend on it for ONE reason.
The community is toxic,and toxic is an euphemism,here is a short list of the kind of toxic players you WILL encounter
- The mean: Insults you because you don't play as good him (they're generally very bad,but to them you're the worst piece of shit) and wish your whole family died of cancer
- The Dick Lord: wanna show he's got a big one,and is going to taunt you EACH TIME he is better than you 
- The feeder: You don't play by his rules? He feeds. You make a comment on the way he's playing? He feeds. You're asking him to stop feeding nicely? He feeds even more.
- The "Pro" : In your team,spend the whole game typing you the mistakes you made (while he's not playing obviously) in the most arrogant possible way.
And THAT my friend is just a tiny sample among all the assholes you're going to encounter in dota, on average you're going to have ONE decent game out of 10 where people are just playing in a normal way. and the worst part of this is: after spending hours and hours and hours playing, you're going to become one of these guys against your own will,because toxicity appeals toxicity,and you will probably hate yourself for it.
To summarise: Dota 2 is a great game,well thought,strategic and highly addictive,but ruined by a community so toxic than even the guys who created Chernobyl are afraid of it.
If you care about your mental sanity,if you get easily triggered,do yourself a favor and don't play this game.it took me almost 8000 hours to realise that,and now I'm a salty fucker,don't make the same mistake.

After spending a considerable amount of hours, I can only say: 

Avoid like a plague... The community is much more toxic than a Chernobyl plant the next day after disastrous explosion.

It's a shame that instead of making Left 4 Dead 3 (the 1 and 2 were extremely fun), Valve keeps investing time and money on this addictive trash with a community which is rotten to it's core. Maybe I should just go for some quality single player games or at least better MOBAs, like HotS for example to actually enjoy them instead of being in this nerve clenching hell's kitchen, where everyone is the flawless pro and you are the s**t eating noob and your mom has been f**ed for so many times now, that a hooker in Amsterdam looks like a saint nun...
Unreasonable. This game crashed so many times and I started to doubt the nature of it. Is GTX970M not good enough for this game? Potato server in Europe West. I dont think I have problem with any other games. It even forced my laptop to shutdown and then when I tried to reboot the system it told me steam client is being updated??! Then when I opened the game it just froze at the dota 2 icon screen. Ridiculous. 


"Connected to the coordinator, logging in"




My smile fair as spring, as towards me I draw you.
My tongue sharp and silvery, as I implore you.


Played for years... after u changed all styles / engine and everything.. i END..  got like 12 FPS even on high end rig / stupid ppl on servers /russians / polish ppl... sry.. but ill take a book instead :) tnx and buy dota...
The game can have its fun moments. However, that is quickly negated by the fact that this game encourages its terrible community, by creating one of the most abusable report systems. While at the same time the 2000 hour veteran flames you the entire game, about how you haven't learned all the nuances of the game.
THIS SHIT IS THE WORST GAME THAT CAN EXIST IN ALL THE PUTA VIDA, IT IS A COMPLETE ASCO, AS MOST OF PEOPLE THAT PLAY IT AS THE SAME CREATORS, DAMNED CHILDREN OF PUTA, FUCK VALVE, BETTER IS THE LEAGUE OF LEGUENDS, HAS BEST PAIRING SYSTEM THAT THIS SHIT, SO THAT SHAKE UPDATE SO MUCH FUCKED SHOTS, IF YOUR GAME IS EQUAL SHIT, ADIOS GIVE, ADVICE VALVE OF THE SHELL YOUR MOTHER. THEY HAVE THE MOST SHIT COMMUNITY THAT CAN EXIST. PLEASE HAVE DANGEROUS FUCKING FORGOTTEN
Started playing and I hate it. There`s no chance for new players to learn and evolve their gameplay. Matchmaking is unbalanced and puts you up against seasoned players or smufs. The "tactic" gameplay requires character and skills knowledge, but there are dozens of them and you can't hope to learn every one while you fail constantly, because of that you also can't trace the sinergies between characters, counters and etc...

The community is not receptive with new players, and you will see that the people who play this can only play this game and nothing else, so they go overboard with toxicity and rage. If you want to start playing a new game, don't try this, seriously. It's frustrating more than everything else. You don't feel any progression as you just die without having a chance. Do not play this.
GREAT GAME, I CANT PLAY CASUALLY EVEN IN TURBO, I GET REPORTED FOR NO WHATEVER REASON. AND THERE ARE NO EVIDENCE THAT I SUCK OR I ALWAYS FEED MY ENEMY. PLEASE DITCH THAT REPORT OPTION, AND MAKE REPORT ONLY FOR CHEATERS/HACKERS. ( PLAYER DOES'NT KNOW HOW TO USE THE REPORT BUTTON WISELY. ) ( NEWBIES ALWAYS GET REPORTED FOR BEING A NEWBIE)
The developers only care about the competitive perspective, of which, not many players aim to play for. We only need a game to relax after work, even team up with friends or being solo. However, as being said, the community for public players has gone down terribly that I do not have any feeling when playing this game anymore. All the trash talk, the throws, the bad behaviors make me bored and tired.

Whilst, over those years, the developers took no action against it. Who cares about The International anyway?
I've never written a review before, but this game sucks enough I have to do it. They have a system for behavior control that's arcane and barbaric. I had 2 disconnects in my last few dozen games (being a parent sucks sometimes), and BOOM, I'm in low priority pool. Ok fine, but then I have to win 5 games to get out?!? I'm not good enough to do that within 10 games. There's no recourse, and it makes the entire game suck. I imagine in-game punishments like lpp to be meant for controlling nasty behavior or speech, or sure, yeah, ok, maybe for people leaving excessive numbers of games. I get it. But these weren't ranked matches, which I avoid when I know I might need to take care of my child or answer the phone or do something else. I play normal games. Does it matter? Nope, not to DOTA. "SCREW YOU!" they say, "WE DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU" they tell me. Ok fine. You feel that way, let me tell you how I feel: ...I hate to say I still like this game. It's a sucky game, with a sucky punishment system, and sucky support. But otherwise it's a great game! 2/10 would play again.
首场比赛13年dota2刚上线的时候就有了。认真开始玩从16TI开始。
给差评的原因是现在这个游戏方方面面值得珍惜的优秀地方，基本上全都没了。

First game in the first version of dota2, year 2013. Really joined in TI6.
Reason for NOT RECOMMEND is all valuable things that this game used to have, disappeared.

玩法上，野区、雾、推推、支配头盔等所有功能性道具以及玩法系统的长年累月的削弱，寒铁钢爪、勾兵等玩法长年累月的删除，终于让游戏只剩下一种玩法了。优势刷上高，劣势等上高，无脑50分钟，两波团游戏结束。曾经的四保一，带线流，速推阵容等等，统统化为对现实的妥协消失在了历史长河里。再努努力把最后这个玩法也删了，就成**荣耀**联盟了，绝对是人类文明的进步。
On Playing methods, they weaken and delete years after years: jungle, smoke, force staff, dominate helm, claw....... Finally this game is only one way to play left: farm and high ground fight. you better, you farm 50 minutes and fight high ground, you worse, you hide 50 minutes and fight high ground. Once there were fast-push, 4 sup 1, lane winning, all gone in the history. I wish valve delete this final way to play and thus the game could be another League of stupid, which is definitely a improvement of human civilization.

在华盛顿州西雅图市V社的老家，服务器竟然差到每两盘就可以出一次8000多ping的延迟，实在不是很理解落后的资本主义社会到底还能做成点什么东西。
In the very city of Valve, Seattle WA, network of this game can be more than 8000 ping every 2 games. My deepest sympathy to poor western people.

全美洲范围内排，这么多个国家加在一起都平均要排7分钟，算上加载，选人，随便开一局都要十分钟以上。另外v社专门出了一种针对所有玩家的惩罚机制，就是你这10分钟并不能去抽根烟上个厕所或者吃点什么。你只能等在电脑前，那一声犹如恐怖电影般的准备，如果没点，就罚站另外几十分钟或者几个小时。如果你这样还不删游戏，他们就把你关进小黑屋，每盘只让选3个英雄，并且必须赢2/4/8/16/32/64/128/256/512/1024..........场才能出来。我认为这种设定只有一种解释：v社的游戏开发者默认所有他们的玩家都有着严重的犯罪倾向，喜欢用“不点准备”这种行为来破坏其他人的游戏体验，而恰恰实际情况是，“不点准备”只是所有人最不喜欢的破坏游戏体验的方式。
In the whole range of North America, every player need to queue average of 7 minutes even though there are so many countries here. Plus loading and choosing, at least a 10 minutes waste no matter whether the game begins successfully. Besides Valve made a punishment system to EVERY PLAYER in this game, which is you must do nothing like have some snack or smoking in this 10 boring minutes, just sit there and wait the jump scare like "Ready". Otherwise If you not "Ready" in time, you will continue wait and do nothing in another 10/20/40.....minutes or hours. If you still didn't delete the fucking game, they will put you in a jail and let you choose from only 3 heroes, wait triple time every game, and must win 2/4/8/16/32/64/128/256/512/1024........games to free you out. Valve devs assumes all dota players have intentions to make crime, which is ruining  other player's game by "Not Ready", but in fact this is only half correct, "Not ready" is the least like way they wanna use.

实际游戏中，十盘里九盘都至少要有一个挂机的，送人头的，封野的，掉线不知道暂停的，5大哥的，辅助贪兵k头0视野0gank高地挂机的，满嘴脏话的，而且十盘里十盘都会抢位置然后出门崩。排到自己这边就不用说了，至少1v9，至多0v10，排到对面也是毫无成就感和游戏体验的垃圾局。其实作为一个外国人我对于北美地区玩家在dota这个游戏中的低水平有一定心里准备，但我对他们实际游戏中如此丧心病狂的行为和肮脏的思想感到意外。
In 10 real games, at least 9 will have some people: AFK/FEED/SEAL JUNGLES/ DROP OFF/ DROP OFF WITHOUT PAUSE/ PICK 5 CARRIES/ OBSERVING AND USELESS SUPPORTS..... and 10 games all full of filthy-language plus chaotic positions. If such scums are on your side, you definitely need to play a 1v9 or 0v10 nightmare, or even they are on the other side, the game is even more boring than play with bots. As a foreigner, I do have preparation for the low-skilled players in NA zone, but I really didn't anticipate that there are still countries and humans so uncivilized and insolent.

然而虽然存在这么多的致命问题，v社却完全没有考虑解决的意思。每次版本更新，除了删除更多的玩法，就是出这个小本那个会员，这个活动那个特权。然而他们自己举办的号称世界上最顶级的比赛，却每一局都是外围操盘，毫无职业和比赛精神。
Even though so many problems remains, Valve doesn't seem to solve any of them. Every new version, beside deleting things they only give more new tickets/priorities/activities/memberships/outfits..... Meanwhile the very game they declare as one of the most professional esport games, is nothing real but manipulated by gambling sites fraud.

最后衷心地希望dota2这个游戏中玩家表达过的美好祝福，可以在V社成员和他们的家人身上实现。
Finally I sincerely wish that every Valve developer and their family member, could realize the warm wishes which dota players give everyday.
One of the most toxic games I've ever played with people calling you a noob every 5 seconds because you've spent 0.01 seconds in spawn when they've left instantly and it's overall not for people who are beginners at MOBAs.

I'm going back to League to actually have fun <3
worst moba game that has ever existed. Came back after 15 years just to see how cluttered the game , ui the heroes. Every cluttered screen i see makes me not want to play this game. 100 games have done the ui better.

Anyways who wants to play 45- 1h moba games in 2019.
I am playing Dota from last 3 years ,but worst thing in Dota is match making....... 
no matter how good player we are but most of us end losing because of new bies in the team ....
I am  near about to reach 100 level ...but still I am getting so new people with so less level in team .... and every game is  getting worst ..... MAking good MMr  have just become impossible.......
Please improve Match making .... please

or else it is getiing worst day by day. An old dota player deserve old players in the team ....... 
match making should be on the basis of level of the player please

please 
please

please

plase

fix match making 
I request 

Fuck this game. Doesn't reward playing interesting characters or anything along those lines. Rewards winning in the draft. Hour long matches and all that matters were the first 2 mins. ANY sense of creative picks are completely absent unless you get to high levels. Just retards picking the same 40 characters. Takes too much time, isn't fun, doesn't reward the player for playing well but rather picking well. 1/10 trash
lag succ pain succ everything succ report reason: u succ Vaughn: succ i hate it IT SUCCS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE unlike cuase succness im good but pc succ reported cause succ everything on this game succ if i get 1 item then no more succness but more sadness ACK
I've played lots of League and thought that there matchmaking and system was bad, but holy crap is it way better than this! Granted you don't have to put up with as toxic of a community, but there is a mute function that makes things bearable in League, meanwhile you'll still wait to get into any games with this system. Half your time will be waitng for queues before you even get to play a game so good luck!
First of all, I'm not online-oriented gamer, but I tried Dota2 anyway. But it's clearly not for me. Too many bulliers in online game. If you are new and inexperienced Dota player, people keep calling you "shit" every 5 minutes in the game, they keep looking you down, and bully you in every worst possible way. People ain't friendly, even thou they are your teammates, instead of support or cheer you up, they bully you and call you stupid or "noob" every 5 minutes..

Look, I may be suck playing Dota2, but I like another battle royal game like World of Warships and I'm pretty good at it. 
But to new players in World of Warships, no matter how sucks or stupid they are, I won't call them "stupid" or "noob",,
that is just a bully act for me.. 

If your environment isn't friendly, people keep call you stupid and keep laughing at you,
so why do I have to stay longer in the game?

Bully is everywhere, not just in real life, but in online games too.. 
People ain't as nice as you think they are
This game has stupid server like the people maintaining it. Always DC. Cannot reconnect. I hope your love ones die painfully and slowly. Hope I see you see them getting lowered in their graves. Quit your job. You guys are incompetent.
Honestly, one of the most toxic communities I have experienced. I couldn't play a game without hearing "F***ot" screamed in various broken dialects. Nobody gave advise on playing the game, only slurs on not doing well (e.g. just because you play the tutorial and understand the mechanics, doesn't mean you know all character's skills).

* The UX design of the menus is sub-par compared to competing MOBAs. I get that it's a challenging game, but the challenge shouldn't come from bad design and unreadable menus. e.g. Why have patch-notes directly inside the skills? It makes the skill even more difficult to understand with the added text and pros or semi-pros will definitely read the release notes.
* The game has outgrown its Warcraft 3 custom map days and should start acting like it. I can't believe how much it looked like the original Defense Of The Ancients.
* A lot of the disabling effects seem too long. I don't know if it's because they are too long or that you can get nuked too easily.
This game is not friendly to new players at all, instead it has very harsh punishment system and abuse from other players. Of course game does reward seasoned players.
this game trash so toxic and not welcome for new players 
one miss skill shot next boom you are noob and idiot trash tanga bobo 
thank you for being new to this game
Shit game for now this game was fuking legend back 2013 and now they had shit in the game so hard. Every charecter now have snowball affect and impossible to compete far more worse then LoL snowballers.
Trash community, wasted too many hours into it. Should have stopped since patch 6.8x but got brought back by friends. Enjoy supporting this game's player base if you are fine with toxicity incarnate infecting you. Russians are not the problem. People not communicating, and whining like a bunch of 6 year-olds throughout the game is. 

Keep playing, this won't stop you, but it might stop a guy thinking this game is fun.
honestly fix your fucking matchmaking cos im new to the game and im playing against people that play really good fuck this shit match me w other noobs like me
The IT team that manages this game is extremely poor. Updates rarely run smoothly the coordinator fails often (I mean it isn't hard to manage this stuff), and all in all despite the amount of money people spend, they clearly don't spend it on running the game smoothly. The game itself - the programmers seem too lazy t improve the match making algorithm. I would not recommend Dota.
