Decent game for casual gamers, simple and fun mechanics. Although, it's not really practical to play this on Steam because you can easily download and play on mobile which is much quicker and less hassle of Steam logins, Mobile version doesnt come with achievements though. There is a single microtransaction in game which is the Lunchbox, you can get rare dwellers, pets, weapons, clothing, etc. albeit it isn't really required when you can easily exploit the time in game and get unlimited lunchboxes and instant arrive times, hope the devs fix that btw lol. I have managed to do the Christmas/Halloween/Thanksgiving quests all at the same day because of that and I didnt have to wait for those holidays to come. There is not much to do after you've done all the quests except defend your vault from incoming attacks and send out dwellers to the wasteland, It also gets boring fast once you have have and stockpiled most of the legendary endgame weapons. Still a quick fun game tho!
Excellent and addictive game and great time killer! !

Might not be as easy at the start but it gets easier as you progress. Take it easy, plan ahead, be prepared! Have fun killing your time!
A nice little build-a-vault-game, great for spending a little time. But it lacks the depth to be motivating in the long term.
After 20 hours the game starts to bore.
Not a bad game, in the style of animation with Vault-Boy. There are a few shortcomings, but they are insignificant. My estimation is 8/10.
All in all, this is pretty, but ephemeral; you might enjoy messing around with it for a bit, but after you’ve done a few quests, there’s really nothing more to see here.
Played this so much on iPhone and iPad when it first came out...got to the point that I was killing dwellers just to start over with the "master race!"  with MAX S.P.E.C.I.A.L

Ok...some tips

DON'T build rooms on top of each other.  Leave a gap between levels so that fires and molerats can't go up or down directly to the other rooms!

You can get MORE Caps by just sending out dwellers to search the wasteland rather than doing difficult "achievements" with the worst case scenario being that they die.  Then just spend some caps to revive them and you will still profit from all the junk, weapons and outfits they bring back...remember they don't get attacked on the way back!

Once you get the Endurance Room, NEW dwellers should go directly to that room to MAX Endurance.  Then give them a Wasteland Outfit for additional E points.  This way each time they level up, they will get Maximum hit points per level.  If you can get a +7 Wasteland outfit you are golden !  After that it won't matter what other abilities you pad...

Always put 2 guards in the vault door room.  It will at least slow down Deathclaws so you can get ready to react.  Ghouls and Raiders will just be an annoyance.

When you get to the bottom level, that is where you should put your Dweller Living Quarters.  If fires, molerats or other problems occur it won't affect anything.  You can concentrate on the rooms and floors closer to the top.

Have fun...
TL;DR:

+ Great time waster
+ Well polished
+ Fun if you like to micromanage
+ Respectable F2P setup
+ It's free! Try it!

While playing Fallout Shelter, I am very aware that I am wasting my time. I can never quite rationalize [i]why[/i] I am giving the game my full attention. However, there's something there. Is it the art design? The RNG loot to collect? I'm not quite sure, but [i]something[/i] is keeping me interested, and playing, hour after hour.

What I definitely do enjoy, is thinking about how I can optimally layout the vault, and distribute the dwellers, so that I am keeping incidents to a minimum, and efficiency close to maximum. The quests are a fun addition since the 1.0 version, and I do appreciate that it's not completely pay-to-win (in that you can get everything without paying, if you were so inclined).

So far, with a maxed out vault in mobile, and 24 hours on the PC version, [b]I haven't spent a single cent on this game[/b]. But I think I will. Not cause I am a victim of a devious F2P scheme, but because I've enjoyed this game enough that the developers and publishers actually deserve it - which is a rarity with F2P titles.

If you are going to play a F2P game, make it Fallout Shelter.
[h1]Excellent for the one handed[/h1]

I recently spawned a small human, and have found myself sitting at my PC for hours with one hand available and the other attempting to rock an angry gremlin. One hand is useful for a wide variety of things - but most games seem to be rather bias in favour of two. In short, I've been playing a lot of Fallout Shelter this month because I can do it with a single mouse click. Since I've managed to rack up 60 sleep deprived hours on the game, I figured I'd write a review. I'll make it brief, do you know how slow it is to type with one hand?!

[h1]Pros:[/h1]
[list]
[*] Only requires one hand.
[*] Free to play that doesn't require you to spend money to build an awesome vault.
[*] Very extensive amount of gameplay, way more than were on mobile on release.
[*] Quests have interesting and amusing lore / dialogue.
[*] Very polished, everything is well implemented and balanced.
[*] Addictive.
[/list]

[h1]Cons:[/h1]
[list]
[*] You'll lose a great deal of time.
[*] You can give your vault a significant boost with spending money - but you don't need to.
[*] Extreme micromanagement might get boring fast for some.
[*] Addictive.
[/list]

That's all I'm gonna say - you don't need a breakdown of what it is and how to play it. If you're bored and have plenty of free time, enjoy micromanaging and want to save the lives of gingers from a cult in a quest, this is the game for you.

[h1]It's a free to play game well implemented, in a lore-rich universe. Really no reason not to try it and see if you enjoy.[/h1]
The short version? 50 million people downloaded the game on Android, before it even got to PC. So get it already. It's free.

The longer version. A serious warning up front. This game seems like a walk in the park - until it suddenly isn't. You can lose an entire vault, the fruits of months of realtime work, within minutes. So, let's avoid this, or more precisely, let's talk about how to avoid the possibility until you feel able to face the challenge.

Resources (energy, water, and food) are produced in production rooms. Rooms need energy, dwellers need water and food. The value of the production room does not give you its actual output. So, 20 dwellers do not need production rooms showing 20 food and water. Instead, every dwellers has skills (in Fallout normally called attributes, "special"), and the skill of the dweller in a production defines its output. More skill means more production, even if the room is not upgraded. In consequence, get a feel for what your vault needs by keeping an eye on your resource storage. If it fills up, however slowly, you're peachy.

This game has clearly defined progressive danger steps. Every tenth dweller adds a new threat (most notable until the 60th). So when you work on getting the feeling for production, I suggest doing so with nine dwellers.

Now that you know how to handle resources, let's go back to the core of the game, rooms need energy. If the energy storage of your vault even once falls below the line on the storage meter, you are in the process of losing your vault. Don't say you weren't warned. The reason why energy is more important than food and water is simply that there is no food and water without energy.

Getting a feeling for resource storage is not rocket science, so the real problem are the dangers. First, on the uppermost level of your vault build your first power room. The dwellers in it need strength for production, which also gives them resilience in a fight. Until you become really good, this is your best line of defense against intruders.

However, the true danger is random fires and infestations. With one exception, both fires and infestations do NOT spread diagonally. I am aware that 50 million people ignore this and every "best vault build" on the net tells you otherwise, but develop your vault keeping this in mind, and you cannot lose your vault...

... until you willingly and purposefully choose to have your 50th dweller !!!

The second your vault has fifty dwellers, infestations include radscorpions. They teleport. They not only rot out every dweller they find, they drain your energy storage even while in an empty room. So as long as you are not an expert in the game's mechanics and as long as you do not have the proper equipment, one of two things will happen. The merciful version kills all but three of your 50 dwellers and you may have a chance to start from scratch. Accent on "may". The cruel version kills only fifteen, but leaves you with an empty energy storage.

Well then, now that you are spared the nasty surprise, let's talk about the fun factor.  FOS is a blast. Could there be more contents? Sure.  Could some things be done better? You betcha. But FOS has that elusive ingredient, which once upon a time made Sid Meier's Civilization legendary. You start the game to do nothing more than the half hour of maintenance - and then your tummy rumbles, because, hey, you didn't even sip some water in the last eight hours.

Oh, one more technical tip. Unlike what the FOS wiki states, a higher Luck skill outside the wault does not give you better items, but more caps. Perception rules item quality in loot.

At the end, a word about shop items. If you don't buy items on principle, you can stop reading here.

The starter pack and the lunch boxes contain resources. The game sometimes asks you to collect a certain amount of resources. The ones from the pack and the boxes do not count towards this goal. So, the only obvious use of purchased resources is emergency fill-up after a botched radscorpion infestation. Throwing money at this problem would most certainly help, but given the hit dweller corpses cause to happiness, don't presume it will solve the pronlem all on its own.

The early value of the pack and the boxes is twofold, skilled dwellers and the chance for a rare or better weapon. A single rare or better weapon in your energy production room guarding the vault entrance makes a huge difference early on. Skilled dwellers before having the rooms to train them yourself are sheer gravy. There is a catch with both, though. 

Part of the game's fun is to figure out, which items are worth keeping and which aren't. When you buy boxes, make sure you have the item storage space - and remember, a dweller, who loots the wasteland, may come back with 40 items. 

The catch of skilled dwellers is a little tricky. You want your highest level dweller to roam outside for loot. The starter pack gives you a brutal advantage to this end. However, when you just started, your average vault level will rise significantly with the starter pack. So don't forget to give one of the weapons coming with the pack to your guard room. Raiders are not much of a trouble throughout the game, except this early.

I hope that this short review gives you a fighting chance without the frustration of a vault wipe-out.
Ever wanted to manage your own Fallout's Vault ? Here is your chance with this free to play Bethesda game. It's a simple base building single-player game, yet well made, entertaining and can even be addictive at the beginning.

The objective of the game is to cleverly build your Vault and manage the produced resources : energy, food, water, stimpaks and radaway. You can attract people or make your Dwellers have babies ; then, assign them to the right rooms according to their abilities (for example the power room needs workers with strength) or make them train their SPECIAL. Send other Dwellers to explore the Wasteland or on quests to gain experience and find loot. Don't forget to equip armors, weapons and pets : the Wasteland is a dangerous place and your Vault is not safe from Raiders or Deathclaws attacks. Improve your Vault and you'll be able to craft armors, weapons, themes and to build new types of rooms, for example the barbershop that allows you to customize your Dweller's appearance.

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=938929825

Most of the negative reviewers mentioned a problem with the save files : they kept randomly losing their Vaults and had to start over. In 79 hours, it never happened to me, so in case you wondered, they surely corrected it.

As a free to play game I can but recommend Fallout Shelter.
It is with true sadness that I say goodbye to Fallout Shelter.
One simple power outage rendered my vault's save file corrupted. 

Backup your saves. They are located:
C:/Users/<your username>/AppData/Local/Fallout Shelter/Vault1.sav 
 *make sure you have "hidden items" viewable

I enjoyed my time, but I cannot find it within myself to [i]"Begin Again". [/i]
I'll give you a brief summary of the first 12 hours of gameplay:

1) I starting building my own Vault and opened its doors to my first group of Vault Dwellers. 

2) I nearly starved my vault dwellers to death within the first 5 minutes of gameplay because I built too much crap.

3) The game offered me my first free lunchbox (which are usually only obtainable through microtransactions). I managed to luck out and get Jericho from Fallout 3, who happened to have amazing S.P.E.C.I.A.L. stats. After I used him to fix the famine issue in my Vault, I made him impregnate every woman in my vault, hoping his special stats transfer to his children via genetics. Spoiler alert: they do.

4) Eventually, all of the regular folks from my vault died off and I had nothing but Jericho-babies staffing the vault and patrolling the Wasteland.

Fast forward to where I am currently writing this review: I have a vault full of inbred badasses that can withstand anything from Raiders to Deathclaws, and pretty much run the gambit on anything out in the Wastes. Microtransactions help, but aren't necessary to gameplay. Everything to managing your vault to doing quests is super fun even if you don't pipe money into the game.
People do know that you can literally get resources from mods right.

I pity anyone who spent real money on bundles or packs. 

Lol it's a fun game, check out the mods you can mod the progression to play as fast as you would like.
If this gets 1000 upvotes I'll livestream opening 1000 lootboxes.

Please don't I don't want carpal tunnel

Final edit, going  to leave the other ones below, scroll down if you wanna see the suffering I had during the stream.

Alright, after 1000 lootboxes, I can say that I love this game. 10/10 bethesda, I'll do the same in TES Blades if you give me beta access HINT HINT

Shoutout to Commanderroot for staying there the entire stream.
Slocool and Electricallongboard for being there for the better part of it.

The three above sat and didn't say anything during the stream and made me feel lonely.

It sums up to:

Storage and stats:
https://imgur.com/a/Wv9yS8g

238 dwellers  https://imgur.com/a/q6DlFnH
2699/7360 storage 
203 stimpacks, 
179 radaways
314800 caps
429 nuka bottles
8150 food
9200 water
8294 energy
3 fires
0 raids
0% happinness
a shitload of rats
4 hours 40 minutes


--------------------------

Edit: 9th of July 2018 the community has spoken, will update shortly, probably going  to do the livestream later on tonight. Thanks for people that got my attention that the goal has been reached.

Edit2: Playing a different game, will stream at https://twitch.tv/riael tomorrow, 10th of July 2018, around 3PM GMT+3 if I wake up at that time.

Going to write down everything that drops, edit the list in here after the deed is done.

Edit3: Not even sure if I should be editing these in or writing comments! I've already done the editing so I might as well just keep doing it.

One hour left! I hope my fingers will be able to heal.

Edit 4: 5 minutes to go, livestream on, boxes ready, shitton of storage roomssssss

Edit yes: It's been an hour and 24 minutes, I tried editing before and it did not work, there's 4 peopl watching, they don't wanna talk to me, send help please, 201 boxes in.

Edit 575: If this gets 10k upvotes and someone pays me 1000$ I'll do fucking 10000 lootboxes.
THIS IS AWFUL. At least I get to listen to a podcast. Shoutout to Commanderroot and his wife Helen, as well as Electricallongboard for spending two hours and 12 minutes with me. (only commander did 2 hours, but electrical has been here as well)

They don't want to talk, but that's alright, I still love them.

575 boxes to go!

Update 500: Ohmygodthishurts... my head hurts... at least I have the podcast.

Gonna try edit this onto steam... I'm still live and going to be for like 2 more hours. Feel free to join me and talk to make the pain go away!

Edit: 128 to go, currently waiting for a fire to burn out to be able to continue. 

ETA to completion... like... 30 minutes.
Simple, fun, relaxing little game that you can play without an Internet connection. Its biggest flaw is that it attempts to squeeze money out of players by making things like traveling to missions and crafting gear take ridiculously long times, in many cases real life days. Change the time on your computer to avoid having to wait days just to craft a gun or travel to quests. Its second biggest flaw is that the game saves progress insecurely locally making it very easy to cheat and edit saved games. The combination of very long wait times and insecure saves is a recipe for cheating the game, even just to make it more enjoyable. Don't believe anyone's excessive progress is real; they either spent money, changed the time on their computer repeatedly, or edited their save games. After a while the game does get fairly repetitive with a lack of surprises and no multiplayer competition to keep it interesting. However, even after playing to the point of boredom, it's still fun to load up and attempt to further optimize vault performance from time to time. The fact that it is free is a big pro towards earning a thumbs up.
I've already spent almost 100 hours playing this game on the Windows Store, and I have to say that it's one hell of a time waster. Fallout Shelter doesn't have any specific goal in mind, so you can spend your spare time increasing your vault's population (and have your own Gary-themed whacko-fest); training your dwellers' SPECIAL stats for gameplay bonuses; or send them all out in the wasteland, and battle a dozen Deathclaws, for that chance to find a rare item - just remember to send them back to the vault if you're going to exit the game, because the timer keeps ticking even when you're out, and reviving a dead vault dweller costs a lot of caps. Tip for new players: a high food level keeps everyone happy and smiling in the face of danger; therefore, invest in it early in the game (or send the useless dwellers out to die in the wilderness), because it dwindles fast if you have too many people.

Overall, a fun casual game. There are microtransactions available, but your vault can survive even without purchasing any of them. You might have to spend more time playing and managing if you want some of the loot that can be purchased in the store, but a day or two of waiting wouldn't hurt.


And there you have it.
Not paid (nor will I) for any powerup - and haven't needed them. Basic fun little Fallout-themed management game. Quests are important - get those going ASAP and everything works out quite well. It plays best when you set up your quests, do your builds, assign some training and then save and quit. You're really not meant to stay staring at it.
-You can create your own colony of survivors to maintain a vault. 
-Merge rooms and upgrade them to increase how many survivors you can keep.
-Send out survivors into the wasteland to explore. However, depending on how long you keep survivors in the wasteland, that's how long it takes for them to get back.
-Do quests and obtain items you could use for your vault. Quests require rt hours to get to the quest area.
-This game does have microtransactions where you can purchase items to help you improve your vault/survivors/etc. However, you do not need to purchase them to continue playing. 
-This is a free game. Bonus. 

-I recommend this game because it is fun and relaxing.. unless you get raided and lose all your resources. J.K. you can easily recover from raids :)

Happy Gaming everyone!

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good 
☑ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run the calculator program
☑ Potato
☐ Minimum
☐ Decent
☐ Fast 
☐ Rich boy
☐ Needs 32 core processor/quantum cpu

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press some buttons
☑ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☐ Epic
☐ Lovley
☐ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ Better than nothing i suppose...
☑ Doesnt have

---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Game Time}---
☐ Endless
☐ Very Long
☐ Long
☑ Depends on you
☐ Not too short
☐ Short
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea

---{Price}---
☐ Buy now
☐ Consider to buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Do not buy it
☐ Do not throw money into a trash can
☑ Free

---{Bugs}---
☑ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Some bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a bug
[h1][b]3.5/5[/b][/h1]
Fallout Shelter is a simple world/vault builder where you get to play as the Overseer, who's task it is, is to keep your vault and it's dwellers safe.

Will you send your dwellers into the wastes to find much needed resources for crafting armour and weapons or do you send them on quests to help or hinder your neighbours....or just go out to 'play' with the local wildlife... All tough choices in your roll as the all seeing Overseer.
                           
Overall Fallout Shelter is a fun decent port of a IOS/Android game,,,..with a few +'s and -'s. 

[h1][b]Pros[/b][/h1]
[list]
    [*]It's 100% free to play.
    [*]Simple yet addictive gameplay.
    [*]More Fallout the better (imo).....roll on Fallout 5 :D
    [*]Graphics are aesthetically pleasing (imo).
    [*]It works (mostly...see cons), most mobile phone ports are broken messes.
[/list]

[h1][b]Cons[/b][/h1]
[list]
    [*]Save files WILL disappear if the game/your pc crashes etc, back up your save files!!
    [*]Microtransactions included, but you can get everything they give ingame for free also!!
    [*]Microtransaction purchases are per save/vault only and can be lost due to losing saves....so again....run backups!!
    [*]UI ingame is quite clunky to use, can eaily tell it's a mobile game originally.
 [/list]
I recommend playing this game casually and not religiously, It plays well as a pick up and play for a few minutes at a time. The missions are interesting addition at first but become very redundant very quickly. All the lighter side of the fallout series, this game makes a great pallate cleanser or "refractory" period in between titles.

Warning to achievement hunters out there you will either spend a lot of time on this if you are looking to perfect it OR a lot of money trying to get the last couple of achievements.
This is a free game and therefor it has the option for micro-transactions in the game. Normally I am immume to MT's and ignore it, but in this game I am really tempted to buy ingame items! This shows that they have been pretty smart with how they have created this game. Even though you can play the game without any extra MT's you are lured into buying stuff and constantly reminded that it is an option. 
 
The game itself is really fun and actually pretty tactical if you want to max out a vault with 100 dwellers. You need to think ahead and plan the layout of the vault wisely or you will shooting yourself in the foot later on in the game. There is lots of stuff to do in the game and you are constantly busy with keeping your vault running in proper order. You can also send your dwellers on quests that will take place on different maps where you can get loot and key items and of course you can send them into the wasteland and let them explore. 
 
The concept of the game is brilliant so in a way it is a bit of a shame that the game has been designed around MT's. I would love to see a full single player game of Fallout Shelter without the MT's and the slow progress, but for now I will just enjoy the game as it is. And I might even turn weak and buy some ingame goodies aswell :)
 
Thumbs up!



Side note:
There are people that mentions corrupt save files and losing their vault (+ their MT's), but I haven't experienced it so I can only review it from my own perspective. If it happens to me I will change this into a rant review :)
[h1] Let’s review : Fallout Shelter  [/h1]

Create your own vault, where you tend to your dwellers. Give them jobs, give them food, or throw them out in the world to scavenge for treasure and other delights! Put some of them in rooms and watch the miracle of light happen right before your eyes, and have lil’dwellers running around.

[h1] Pros: [/h1]

+ Above all else, it’s free, and it doesn’t push micro transactions or paid subscriptions down your throat 24/7.
+ It’s set in the Fallout franchise of course, so you can expect a serious connection to the universe of the game!
+ Balance water, food, power and much more, while trying to maintain your dwellers alive and happy, which counts allot when you are trying to expand!
+ Quests – Send your strongest dwellers on quests, to further peak your interest on what you may find out there in the ravaged world!
+ A multitude of collectibles, from weapons, special outfits, to pets and special dwellers!
+ It’s a game for the long run, think personal Ant-Farm! You’ll watch them multiply and grow.
+ Create rooms for them to work in or play. Balance the power needs it each addition, and train your dwellers to become more efficient in the tasks you assign them to!
+ Get ready to be invaded and attacked from all directions. Be them Rad roaches, to bandits and the famous DeathClaws!

 [h1] Cons: [/h1]

- It’s a free game, so you can hardly find a negative in this game, it’s a time killer and a good one at it!

[h1] Final Review [/h1]

Fallout Shelter focuses on the building of a world for your dwellers, train them, and improve them with a huge selection of weapons and clothes. Manage everything from basic needs to outdoor adversities. And the best of it, its set in a great universe filled with lore, and it’s a great add-on to the big game! And it’s free!! So I have to give this game a solid 8 out of 10 for just being what it is.

Enjoy Guys and Girls, and if this review helped you in any way please leave me a Thumbs up, i would appreciate it immensely. And please consider joining me on Curate This – A Honest Review at:
http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31479106/

It's a fun little free game. Though don't buy anything, it's not worth it.
There's elements of management, strategy & RPG.
It's fun & easy to master however there's a bunch of UI faults:
-clickthrough UI (click on "rush", levelup a dweller instead)
-unprecise targeting (example: click on a dweller, levelup another one close by not on the same depth)
-no group selection
-no sorting by dweller list health/radiation status
-no UI to show you dweller's ascendents(cause incest IS actually handled, but the game doesn't show you)
hence I resorted to naming them by family branches (daughter of margaret hicks & paul grants would be Janet HG )

dweller's health is not shown in detail and is not retroactive : e.g. leveling up a dweller to 50 then leveling its endurance to 10 is .... uterly useless

-it's actually better to equip max endurance armor before leveling each dweller  .... (hoooo the micro !!!!)

-raiders continue to steal while they are agonizing, the alarm keeps sounding until they are FULLY dead.

Yeah I know, lots of negative traits. Well I think there's lots of positive reviews out there and it didn't need yet another one. I still recommend this game, it's fun, it's free, and it's forgiving enough on default difficulty that those issues don't really matter much
This game is free. It is a mobile port. It has microtransactions. It is a waiting simulator. It is singleplayer. Graphics are cartoony.

It is literally just a free, micro-managing, waiting game that you check in on once in a while. That's it. That's ALL it is. Whether you prefer to do this inbetween other obligations while working on your PC, or simply once or twice throughout the day, or even every other day. 

Fallout Shelter just puts you into the propaganda-style Vault introduced in the Fallout series, it has good humor, and it is interesting enough for a free game to warrant my recommendation.

And to all of the people who passionately dislike this game. It's still Fallout, maybe not an open world shooter. This is not a game you are supposed to rush. It is not a game you are supposed to "win". It does have microtransactions, but you can earn those readily ingame as well, without paying. All those negative reviews bitching about these various non-sensical issues are just trash. 

The game has good humor, it is very relaxing to watch your dwellers do whatever they do, and frankly since its release on mobile platforms, it has come a long way with a lot of updates and new features. For a FREE game, it is absolutely recommendable. But buyer beware I guess, if you are an elitist moron who thinks you HAVE to rush through the game and "win", then you probably will not enjoy it.
Fallout Shelter is at its best early on when your fledgling vault is barely able to scrape by, and every raider attack has the potential to topple your fragile society. Once your vault is firmly established, all fear of losing, and thus the fun, fades away. Combine this with a lack of compelling longterm goals, and you have an experience that’s fun for a few days, but lacks long-term appeal.
one issue with the game i found, if u use real cash to buy something in one of ur vaults, if ur save is corrupted or your game uninstalls all that money is gone and everything you bought forever.

[PROS]
+ The concept is based on the Fallout series
+ Nice interface and design
+ Quests
+ Tons of weapons, outfits and items
+ Fallout "S.P.E.C.I.A.L" dweller stats
+ Funny interactions between vault dwellers
+ F2P and it's balanced

[CONS]
- needs time and constant attention
- limited space and dweller number
- illogical incidents
Very adorable little casual game that makes a nice daily quick check-in game at the beginning and end to the day.

Patience, Grasshopper. You can build up a lovely vault without investing millions on in-game purchases. It's actually way more challenging that way.
I'd give it a 9/10 below is a much more detailed review.

The game itself is overall fun and addicting I really like how they didn't make it p2w its basically 100% free to play. But some  people call it a cash grab but not really, I've been playing it for over a year now and haven't spent a penny. Sure the game has starter kits and loot boxes but those usually ruin the game and lootboxes can be easily obtained especially early on and late game. 

The base game is very slow progressing but rewarding. I had a vault on the pc version and the android version. I got several dwellers from a few lootboxes I got doing quests on the android version and before I knew it all heck broke loose. The vault constantly got attacked and ran out of power however it had sixteen people and food or power. The 2nd vault on pc had barely anyone at first but was really wealthy  food, water, and power was plentiful. Both vaults were created day 1 and roughly around the same time. This is just how random chance and time consuming fallout shelter is. 

I recommend playing this game along with something else or inbetween breaks, this game is kind of like farm vill or insertfbgamehere but without the begging. The game does get kind of boring late game. I actually had a max size vault containning all fully S.P.E.C.I.A.l dwellers. It got boring real fast, deathclaws were like kittens to this vault they'd usually get to the diner on the 2nd floor and just die without causing any real damage. This is with no money spent mind you just casually playing the game atleast once per day for a few minutes.

The questing is a lot of fun and a good way to get items fast more geared towards f2p players or late game players who want to get some cosmetics or completionists who want every item in the game for some reason. The quests have little to no story so not for story fans. However they usually have refrences to previous fallout titles. 

Well that is the review I recommend you try it for yourself!






[table]
[tr][td][b]Disclaimer to the reader, much is appreciated if you rate this review.[/b][/td][/tr]
[/table]
[h1]------------------------------------------------------------[/h1]
[b]Review:[/b] Fallout 2D?
[b]Liked:[/b] Hilarious dialogues between the NPCs.
[b]Disliked:[/b] Occassional FPS drops results to lag.
[b]Graphics:[/b] 👓 A mix of 2D and 3D.
[b]Spoiler:[/b] [spoiler][b]Vault dwellers have sex.[/b][/spoiler]
[b]Rating:[/b] ⭐⭐☆☆☆
[b]Verdict:[/b] Fallout simulator. A nice game to kill time.
[h1]------------------------------------------------------------[/h1]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKYPEvX6dcQ
One of the better F2P games out there. Game is fun, controls are little wonky on PC ( clearly ment for touch controls) and the MTX are in no way needed.
It's free and it's fun, what more can one ask for?

I'd suggest avoiding the microtransactions in this game since lunch boxes can be easily acquired via someone else's save file or a save editor, should you want to just fool around. I'd suggest not doing this though until you've acquired all the achievements honestly. Also, anything you buy for real money is bound to your save. If it gets lost, deleted, corrupted or if you lose the game, all those items you paid for will disappear into the void. They'd be permanently gone!

[b]There is no official warning from Steam or Bethesda regarding this. Buy at your own risk.[/b]
After 65 hours, 75 dwellers, and an efficient cap-earning system coupled with nigh-impenetrable deathclaw-proof defenses, lvl 50 max. SPECIAL dwellers, I went in tonight to check on Vault 666 and found it had been completely erased. It was soul-crushing, and I'm probably not going to restart for quite some time. I was very attached to the successful haven I had made.

BUT

This game is excellent, especially when you have downtime. If you check on it and make minor adjustments once a day, your vault will be self-sustaining and easy to manage going forward. Missions outside of the vault are a great way to get more unique items, and sending dwellers that have been hard at work maxing-out their SPECIAL skills both levels them exceptionally well, while simultaneously pulling in large amounts of junk items, weapons and armor; which, if you have in abundance, can be sold for extra caps. I spent the last two quarters of my time playing with a constant 999,999 caps, dwellers in pristine condition, incoming threats usually never made it past three rooms at the most, and my ability to manage my resources patiently more than paid off. A lot of patience, proper reservation, and a lot of trial and error can turn this game from a major sensory overload into a casual tycoon-esque experience that demands little. It was pure fun.

I cannot stress enough, however, that you absolutely MUST back up your saves. I wish I didn't have to learn this the hard way, but that's what I get for being arrogant enough to think it couldn't happen to me.
took 361 hours to get every achievement just Cause i wanted to see if i could without spending any money , i need to find better things to spend my time on , i would say get the game cause hell it is free so why not
Pretty good game, even if you don't spend any money on it.

Pros and cons based on my own opinion.

Pros:
- Fun cartoon graphics
- Funny dialogue when there is any
- easy to manage once you get the hang of the game
- good music
- Fallout 3 and 4 references 
- good time killer
- lots of weapons to use
- seasonal themes
- also themes for each room
- seasonal quests to do

Cons:
- Can be VERY repeptative
- need more variations of armor
- can be very confusing if you don't know what you are doing
- No original Fallout music
- no bar letting you know when your "vats" is ready so you kinda just have to wait for it
- weird/bugged baby making... seems to always give me people who have a higher Charisma, even if i mix up the people with different stats

Overall: 9/10

Would and will keep playing for a long time and recommend for anyone who can only do something for an hour before they have to work or go to school, or just needs to kill a little bit of time.
I've been playing Fallout Shelter since its very first release on Apple Store and I must say it's entertaining! Although, on the PC it's another story. Don't get me wrong, this game is fun but only if you got time to waste. This is literally a waiting game. As a beginner, you will eventually wait for a room to be done producing whatever you need in the next 5 to 20 minutes depending on your Dwellers' statistics. You can always rush a room to produce anything much faster but there's always a risk. Same goes for quests. Once you unlock the Overseer's desk, going on a trip can take times. I imported my save data from my iPhone to my PC using iExplorer application so I already have tons of Nuka Cola, maximum amount of money and a Vault full of level 50 and maxed out statistics everywhere and loaded with Dragon's Maws, Plasma Rifles, Fatman and so on so doing quests wasn't challenging. The problem seems to be the trip though. It must depends on the level and the difficulty of the quest, but a trip can take up to 5 hours before your Dwellers arrive to their destination where you can finally begin your quest unless you use some Nuka Cola to skip the trip. The whole game is basically based on waiting or skipping tasks using Nuka Cola so it can be very boring as a start. Once your Vault is pretty much full of rooms and Dwellers, you definitly won't have to worry about waiting because that won't be the case. There's always going to be a room somewhere, ready for you to collect resources or caps. I don't know if that's the same thing on PC but on mobile, if I was not playing the game for a few hours and I came back to it later, my Vault was always lacking of something. either power or food or water. That was until I aquire a few robots to collect resources automatically. They manage the Vault while I'm not around but without a robot I remember how difficult it could be if I wasn't playing the game for a long time. The difficulty of the game will vary on the amount of Dwellers inside your Vault. If I remember correctly, once your Vault has 25 Dwellers, Molerats will start attacking your Vault from time to time. Otherwise you only have to deal with Raiders. Then I believe with 60 Dwellers, Deathclaws will start attacking the Vault, as for the annoying Radscorpions, I don't really know since I stopped playing after they released an update for them so I couldn't really analyze their arrival since my Vault already had 200 Dwellers. Rare/Legendary loots used to be easy. All I had to do was bring 20 Dwellers outside the Vault and after a few hours, they came back with rare scraps to craft rare weapons and armors/clothings. Now it seems to be just from quests because I don't remember collecting any rare loots from them in a long time.Quests aren't that easy. You always need a lot of Stimpacks and Radaway to deal with whatever is out there. So I got to say it's not the best way to make caps. Just send your Dwellers out in the wasteland and ignore whatever location they can find, let them travel around for more loots. Money is pretty easy, as long as you send a high level Dweller long enough in the wasteland and give them a good weapon with an outfit that gives enough Luck, your Dweller will definitly return with enough stuff for you to sell and make money. But of course you have to make a sacrifice at first. If a Dweller is low level, they will probably die outside. If they do, revive them. It cost caps but at least they're going to get stronger and stronger, and whatever they find out there should eventually bring back the money you lost. My advice is to raise your Dwellers as high as possible from the very beginning. It doesn't help at all with how many Dwellers are in the Vault, it's quite the opposite. More Dwellers always means more risk of getting your entire Vault wiped out by Molerats, Radscorpions or Deathclaws. If your Dwellers are not strong enough, it's pointless. Even if someone is carrying a Fatman or a Dragon's Maw. If your entire Vault is wiped out, it's going to be expensive to revive your Dwellers. If a Dweller dies and you don't have enough caps to revive the fallen one, just click or tap anywhere outside the window and wait until you got enough money. Although whoever is inside that room with a dead body will bring down their happiness and effectiveness. Quotes between Dwellers are pretty entertaining to read. The higher their Intelligence and Charisma, the "smarter" their quotes will be. Like two Dwellers flirting with each others. If two Dwellers are totally dumb, they're gonna throw some really weird stuff. lol Stats do affect a few things. Perception for instance will increase the productivity inside the water purification room. Even if the Perception is up to 10 on a Dweller, you can use an equipment to give +5 or +7 Perception and it will actually improve the productivity even more, reducing the production time as well. Same with Luck, the higher the Luck, the greater the chance to rush a room without causing any incident. The higher, the better. It might even give you a 0% failure if everyone has enough Luck and other stat for the particular room. Well, that's pretty much it. The game is fun but only if you're playing on a phone or tablet and you got nothing to do at all. Unless you're the type of person who sit at their computer without knowing what to do with their day, then that's a great way to spend the time.
Lacks the depth an many possible aspects of an actual game (its a mobile game, after all), but a good way to kill time every here and then. Though its wiser to grab a book :)

Wish they would make something more serious and tactical on the same subject in the future. Vault management and world exploration could have many more opportunities..


I enjoy this game, but it's not for everyone. For me, it's a game you open a few times a day for 10/15 mins to play. The game runs while closed, so I go in and set everything up and come back a few times throughout the day. It takes a while before you have much to play with, but like I said, I set it up and let it run.
I enjoy Fallout Shelter a lot. Being a Fallout fan in general, I love the art style, the activities and game itself has become a lot better since the addition of the quests. Recommend as a good time waster.
Fallout Shelter is a charming little casual Free 2 Play basebuilding game.

The game is playable without Pay 2 Win features which is a definate improvement over most Free 2 Play titles.   There is no PvP mode, which further reduces the problematic behavior of Pay 2 Win.

Unfortunately there aren't purchase limits and most of the purchases are "boxes" with unknown content.  Two negative points on the whole Pay 2 Win aspect. 

For Linux users it works near perfectly with Linux under SteamPlay.

As of the game itself, it is plenty fun and will keep you occupied for several hours.   It is well worth the try.  I more then recommend the game.
I'm giving this a positive, but not by much. It's a VERY lazy mobile port. So many improvements could have been made that were not even attempted. You move dwellers with the left mouse, and you also move around your vault with left mouse, meaning accidentally dragging and dropping a dweller in a crowded vault when all you're trying to do is scroll around is a guaranteed frustration. Would have been so simple to use the right mouse to move around instead. Selecting a dweller when they're leaping around a room is also tricky, since half the time it'll select the room (and zoom in on it). It auto-zooms to events, and locks there for a second, so if you're wanting to prepare for that event (yeah I KNOW deathclaws are coming, can I prep the first room please?) 

In-game documentation is adequate but not more.

On the plus side, it's free and the paid aspects are easier to live without than in normal F2P games. The premium currency Nuka Cola Quantum can be earned fairly easily in-game (especially if you rescue Bottle & Cappy).
Fallout Shelter is a relatively simple vault management game. In it, you take the role of an Overseer and are in charge of building your own Vault, keeping its inhabitants happy, making them reproduce, and so on. You can also send them on missions to gather items, which you later use to craft stronger weapons and equipment. Overall, I'd say there's not a lot to say about this game; it's a mobile port, so you shouldn't go in expecting a more "traditional" Fallout experience, but rather a casual game with a Fallout theme.

The gameplay, like I mentioned, is like a management sim. You start out with an empty Vault, and you must start building rooms to accomodate incoming Vault Dwellers. There's also three resources you've to take into account: energy, water and food, each with their respective room. As more people arrive into your Vault, you unlock new rooms, including the Overseer office, from where you can send your dwellers into missions. You also have to train your dwellers, as your Vault will sometimes be attacked by bandits, or other Wasteland creatures, even Deathclaws, who can easily destroy an unprepared Vault.

Personally, I found this to be a pretty entertaining game, although by the late game, when you've maxed out several of your dwellers and finished all missions, it gets pretty boring. Also, it really feels like a mobile game with the long waiting times between missions, and the daily rewards, that give you a lunchbox (kind of a lootbox) every week. So, what do I think? It's nothing spectacular, but I can recommend it.
First started playing this on my iPhone, but it's nice to play while watching a show since I'm the type of person that has to be doing more than one thing at once. Can take a long time to get enough caps to build rooms etc, but it's a great game once you get into the quests and things of that sort. I like the fact that I can sit there for 5 mins or 50 mins and play it, it's super simple and easy to understand once you've played through the basic tutorial. Can get really repetitive, but that's not always a bad thing.
In Fallout 4, the first time I found a deathclaw I died at least a dozen times because I had no idea what to do or how to kill that giant thing.

Now, I can kill entire groups of them by dragging my fingers around my laptop's screen and pressing the stimpak button a few  times.

Revenge sure does taste good.
If you enjoy base building-survival games with resource gathering and tower defence elements, you’ll love Fallout Shelter.
 
Additional Info:

Funnily enough, this is my first Fallout game. You don’t need to know anything about Fallout to find this enjoyable.

This game has a lot of sub-genres, as it’s somewhat of an idle/clicker game, when it comes to crafting and resource gathering. Although, it also has story driven quests, levelling characters, along with similarities to The Sims. It is quite well rounded off, and certainly addictive.

Can’t go wrong for a free game.
Simple, fun, relaxing little game that you can play without an Internet connection. Its biggest flaw is that it attempts to squeeze money out of players by making things like traveling to missions and crafting gear take ridiculously long times, in many cases real life days. Change the time on your computer to avoid having to wait days just to craft a gun or travel to quests. Its second biggest flaw is that the game saves progress insecurely locally making it very easy to cheat and edit saved games. The combination of very long wait times and insecure saves is a recipe for cheating the game, even just to make it more enjoyable. Don't believe anyone's excessive progress is real; they either spent money, changed the time on their computer repeatedly, or edited their save games. After a while the game does get fairly repetitive with a lack of surprises and no multiplayer competition to keep it interesting. However, even after playing to the point of boredom, it's still fun to load up and attempt to further optimize vault performance from time to time. The fact that it is free is a big pro towards earning a thumbs up.
I used to play a lot this game back in the day in my cellphone but stop playing cause is really hard to keep track of eveything in the small window but now in with this PC version I can keep track of everything in my shelter would be nice if they let you merge the games you had in your cellphone or maybe add an iOS version so I can play in my laptop when im out of town
TLDR: Awesome way to waste time, for free.

The thing to remember about this game is that it was designed for mobile.  

Having said that, it is free to play, and you will never NEED to spend a dime.  Not to win, not to progress, not at all unless you just want to.  You may want to, because instant gratification is an illness, and that's fine.  For those unwilling to wait for quests to finish, or who want an item right now instead of working for it (which takes time), fortunately there's a way to buy such things. 

This game is about time and resource management.  It's not exceptionally in-depth, nor is it particularly grim.  If you're looking for a light-hearted time-killer, this is a good one.  If you're a Fallout fan, this game seems primarily based on Fallout 3, featuring familiar faces, weapons, locations, etc.

It is extremely polished for what it is, and without doubt is a finished product.  The gameplay is described as "slow" by many a negative reviewer, and this is unfortunately less than accurate.  There is a good bit of downtime, and that's intentional in a casual game, however, when incidents occur, the pace is quickened considerably as you scramble to organize your dwellers into something resembling preparedness.  

The true joy of a game like this is what you do with it.  It can be a casual experience, a somewhat immersive roleplaying experience, something you're dedicated to checking frequently or once a week.  You can design and develop your vault and the dwellers within as you see fit, though there are advantages to employing some strategy here.  For example, this game is not difficult, though if you build thoughtlessly, you will find it difficult to work with what you have designed.  This game is easy, it is fun, but it is not mindless.
So this is the PC port of a game meant to build hype for the long anticipated Fallout 4 back in 2015. This game is really fun, addicting and rewarding to level up your dwellers and expand your vault. The gameplay was originally meant for mobile but still fun on PC. The game is one of those games where you have to use a currency to speed up process, so if you are fine with games that do that(such as Clash of Clans or any other popular mobile game), then you are welcomed to play. System requirements are not high so you can play this on a generic work computer. Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes base building, Fallout series, role-play, mobile. It's also F2P too so all the F2P gamers who like Fallout series can have this game.
Pros: 

1. It was FREE. Whats not to love?
2. Get to expand, get more peeps, upgrade shelter, customize peeps, go on quests! So many different quests!
3. Better weapons, skins for rooms, leveling my peeps, ooo pets!
4. Always seems to have things to do. 
5. Pleasant music, stuffed with humor (if you played Fallout4 even funnier), definitely entertained.
6. IF you want too - you can purchase small packages to move things along. Not a requirement, ever, to move ahead.
7. Has special quests and other stuffs for Holidays! So awesome I love this!

Cons:

1. Really can't think of any atm. Lol
Fun at the beginning, frustrating towards the end.
One can see this is a mobile port, but this doesn't bother. Easy concept with basic management of the vault. There is some questing, leveling, training, impregnating, looting, plus Mr. Handy and Pets. The game is loaded with fallout references and has quite a big load of humor. 
Now, the problem here are small issues and difficulty carve. The deathclaws and radscorpions (btw. seriously? I ware killing those with the spear in original Fallout) are serious challenge. That wouldn't be a problem normally, but the click boxes are not align correctly, and health bar is eaten rapidly (btw. I don't know why but the damage is always much bigger in the larger room then in smaller ones). At the end although player is clicking on the dweller, the stimpacks and rad aways are not always activated, and dwellers die. Again, that wouldn't be a tragic, but like game says itself, rushing rooms is main caps earner (and at some stage radscorpions occur frequently). Sure, one can pass the rushing future, as well as turn the radio for vault broadcasting only, but deathclaws and radscorpions will still come. At earlier stage of the game incidents are somewhat countered with mysterious stranger and "cap and bottle", but later with larger vault it is really hard to keep up. This is not only due many floors to be scanned, but also due click boxes problem, as well as positioning. The last one is mainly Mysterious Stranger problem, who likes to show just behind the dweller or in the corners of the room that are not visible from all perspectives. With almost no arrival sound while zoomed out that renders him almost completely obsolete, and reducing him to a "lucky shoot" only.
Now, some people are saying the save future is flawed since it doesn't safe basic resources. Well, if one will study closely the truth is revealed. This is a future not a bug. Mr Handy can collect those while not playing the game, and since those are extremely rare, but can be easily bought up, well it's the player and his/her wallet problem :) 
Speaking of micro-transaction, generally they are not so bothersome like in other games. Sure Quantum Cola can speed things significantly, and pets, robots and legendaries can improve things significantly but the game is still fun to play without paying.
Speaking of I really don't understand Nuka-Cola plant. The description is wrong, as it's not producing Nuka Cola. It looks like it was suppose to produce Quantum Cola at the beginning, but developers found it too powerful and change it for resources. That move makes on the other hand some buildings questionable.
The game runs without problems under Steamplay (Linux).
Did better than 76, even though that really doesn't mean much. Hey, at least they didn't have to drop the prices for this game because of bugs. Oh wait..
Note: don't worry if you don't have any of the healing-things from the lab left. Dwellers will heal automatically over time (tho it's a wait of a few good days). And I also recommend to heal people on the highest floor first, since they're the raiders' primary target.
For a free game really good. It is very time eating tho. I think I played this game everyday for 3 hours since I have it. All in one a free and very cute game to waste your time :)
***Don't spend money on this game unless you plan on manually backing up your save files regularly***

I was enjoying the game and spent money on the vault starter pack for it. A few days later my power went off while playing and when I reopened the game my save would not load. I did some research and found that this is a common problem. The game is basically constantly writing to the save file so if anything interrupts it (game crashes, windows crashes, computer turns off) there's a very good chance it will corrupt your save file.

That wouldn't be so bad if you could at least get the content you paid for and use it on a new save game. But you can't, believe me I tried. Steam Support tells you "it's a consumable item" and refuses to reissue or refund it. Bethesda Support tells you that they can't do anything and you have to talk to Steam.

If you still want to play the game and especially if you are going to spend money on it, download a utility to regularly back up the game save file so you don't lose your progress/money when your game ends up corrupted.

Also: You might think, "But won't I be able to restore my save from Steam Cloud?" Nope, the corrupted save gets uploaded to the cloud so you're screwed there too.
I was enjoying it so much that I actually spent money on it, logged on today and my whole vault has just disappeared and I can't even get a refund for the money I wasted on a vault that no longer exists.

I tried to get in contact with support and they palmed me off to a FAQ that doesn't mention anything about losing your vault.

I'd suggest not spending any money on this game.
I'm actually really enjoying this and it's why I'm kinda torn with this review. I'm a huge Fallout fan, coming up to 30 and followed the games all the way from the first. I'll likely continue to play only for a short while though -

Fallout Shelter could have been so much more. I'm not sure what went wrong at Bethesda, because there's a real gem game hiding underneath the monetisation.
It's such a lovely, charming game. The artwork is brilliant, the audio is fantastic, and I like how much you can customise different aspects of your vault. I like that you send your dwellers out into the wastelands, and the logs they record while they're doing it. I played on release on ios as well, but in all honesty it didn't last very long.

The game is weighed down by microtransactions. I wholeheartedly believe that if this was treated like the single player game it is instead of parroting that crappy model that countless games on the mobile stores follow, if the wait timers were divided by 10 and all of this stupid quantum cola stuff was removed altogether, if questing was fleshed out somewhat and timers were reworked to timers in the range of 1-3 hours, long enough to put down but quick enough to ride through if you kept yourself distracted,  if you had slapped a £17.99 price tag on the front of it, I'd imagine it'd have sold like hot cakes and the reviews would be immeasurably in your favour. You could have added card expansions in the form of paid DLC if you really were looking to squeeze a bit extra and it would have raised a lot less eyebrows.

If you had slapped it on the ios store like that at £9.99, it would have sat at the top of different mobile site's top charts for years to come. There's very little in the way of deep strategy games on mobile without in app purchases, this probably would have made a mint done the right way with integrity, instead of taking this trashy route that only serves to annoy people into paying money. A Fallout themed strategy game with  no iap that cross synced between my PC and my iPhone? It'd feel like Christmas.

I'd like to imagine that many of the designers were not on board with any of the monetisation stuff and I'd like to believe there's probably a few guys out there that wanted to do something entirely different but had to keep the bosses happy. I feel like this is a good example of what happens when the quest for money interferes too much with a player's experience. You pick these designers up because they are talented people who are passionate about their work and art, let them do their jobs properly!

Bethesda in my eyes is respectable when I compare them to other companys in the industry. Get off this road, it leads to ruin. And from a fan's perspective, Fallout deserves better than a honey trap. Shame on you, Bethesda. >:(


The jist of my review is that the content is fantastic, I can't fault it. The problem is the way it's served is questionable and why I have not recommended it. Fallout is a flagship title and holds weight in regards to normalising IAPs in the PC gaming marketplace, and said games are more often than not shady, anyone who is familiar with mobile gaming will understand what I mean. Their design makes it easy to irresponsibly mine money from people in an irresponsible way, and I fear that this title will help make it easier for this price model to become commonplace.


Cont-
So why would you use the microtransaction model? As others have touched on in the comments, part of the reason is that it makes more money, particularly by badgering players into spending small amounts a lot of times to make it harder to recognise the value of things. It's a deceptive price model and the majority of the reason I didn't recommend the game is because I see a brilliant game underneath a model that is unhealthy for the industry.

There's a perfectly reasonable arguement that places the responsibility entirely in the hands of the person spending, and I believe the majority of people who thumbs up or downed me are probably divided specifically on how they view that. Is it the responsibility of the designer or the player? I'd argue it was both and I'm not one to complain incessently about games, but this kind of price model is notorious for going after what you call "whales", and I just think it's in bad taste. 

It's not where I want to see PC gaming go, and in my opinion it's dishonest game design and irresponsible because the majority of income from this game will come from players on both extremes, the ones with oil baron parents and addictive personalities or "low hanging fruit". I work in mental health and these kinds of games can end up pretty much robbing vulnerable people, where the model is most effective. You could quite literally lop the microtransactions off this beautiful game, readjust the timers to compensate, and have an honest title at a set price.
I loved this game and enthusiastically recommended it to a lot of people...

Until I fell victim to a major issue that deleted my vault irreversibly. Lucky for me I only wasted 46 hours and £20 on it before this happened. Bethesda support is an absolute joke and a waste of time too, you can't even submit a support ticket for a technical issue. 

Lots of other people have had the same problem and it's been going on for over a year, sucks to be me for not reading the forum before playing but I guess I expected better from Bethesda. Never again.

If you play this game, back up your save files every single time you play.
Fun game, unfortunately after 24 in game hours my first vault save file simply disappeared. Just... gone. Discussion boards show this has been an issue for a loooong time, and even people who spent money on the game don't get a refund... they just lose the vault.
Can't recommend a game that is so fundamentally broken. Fix your stuff Bethesda.
IMPORTANT - I'd recommend it if I didn't lose my damn vault. There's some weird stupid problem where you randomly lose your vault meaning.... everything you just did is lost your vault won't be there it just don't exist... They need to fix it and reupdate so it don't happen to others. Keep in mind i had 93 Dwellers and now it's gone, about a week ago my brother lost his 43 dweller vault. The reason I'm complaining is to warn others and let Bethseda Games know about this issue.
The game was very fun when I started.   I even spent money on the in-game starter pack and some additional lunchboxes.  Then after 75 hours invested, my save file was corrupted and deleted from the cloud.  When I e-mailed Bethesda, I got some pathetic auto-response email that redirected me to a website that suggested I load the save file from the cloud, and that apparently that was an option in the game.   Turns out there is no option to restore my save file.  So 15 bucks down the drain.  Also found out that this is extremely common, has happened many times to other people, and not only is nobody receiving refunds, but also no solution has been implemented to prevent it from happening.  First time Bethesda has ever lost my respect.
Too much cash-grab. You can accomplish it all without spending a cent, but then it takes a LONG time and in the end after I finished the game, it all feels like a big waste of time. Not worth it.
A good filler game when you're doing something else. Though when you get further into the game with all the neat stuff like character customization and such you have to pay individually and wait per each dweller which was a deal breaker for me. At this stage in the game everything has a long wait period and is designed to entice you to get those Fizzy Bubbly Nuka Cola packs but you must resist! I would advise not spending money on this game. Not really a fan of these type of microtransaction games I'd stay clear of this game if you're impulsive. D:

**Games that Time-gate gameplay content behind paybarriers aren't worth spending money on. I don't disagree it's not a fun game I haven't played it for a few months now but I was enjoying it from a Mobile Game perspective because it was a good time killer inbetween activities and such. I've just a strong dislike for microtransaction based games that serve no purpose other than to complete a task that would have taken like several hours if not days to complete. It's become pretty much the common structure of mobile games and it just kinda made me upset to see it in Fallout format. Hope that clears stuff up. :]
DON"T EVER SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME! 

heres why, all microtransactions are PER save file. what does that mean?
if you lose your save file, delete it, it gets corrupted, OR you get game over from the games mechanics, you LOSE ALL purchases forever.

with that said the game itself is a heavily downgraded version of Sim-tower, with the same exact graphic setup. which btw Sim-tower came out in 1994... just saying
This game... It's enjoyable in certain aspects. I like managing my vault dwellers. I even enjoy the fact that I have seen myself grow slowly more evil the more dwellers I get, caring less about them individually and caring more about the bottom line. Is there enough power? Is there enough food and water? Are my dwellers meeting their mandatory happiness quotient of 75% or more? In that sense, the game is very fun.

Here are my issues with it, and why I can't recommend it in good conscience.

1) Kids suck. I completely understood my kid dwellers having garbage stats when ALL my dwellers were garbage. However, when I pair Lucas Simms and Star Paladin Cross together, goddammit I expect their child to have some decent stats. If they're NOT going to give me the ability to breed a stronger vault population, then I need to be able to stick those little good-for-nothings in one of my many training facilities so that by the time they grow up, they have a BIT of a stat boost. There's more, but I'll move on.

2) If you're going to throw deathclaws and radscorpions at me when I hit 60 dwellers, I need to have the capability to provide my dwellers with better weapons. Frankly, it pisses me off that the ONLY good weapons I've gotten in this game are lucky drops from lunchboxes. Weapons cost too much to make, and the upgraded weapons crafting station is too expensive. I've dropped REAL money on this game. More than a game like this should be worth, and I STILL can't afford it, since my vault dwellers are constantly being ripped apart. Four dwellers with sawed-off shotguns SHOULD be enough to kill 5 molerats, or one radscorpion.

3) Speaking of disasters, when a fire breaks out, or a radroach infestation occurs, or when molerats attack, or when deathclaws break through my front line, all the vault dwellers on that FLOOR should be responding, not just the ones in the room. I gave my door guards a gatling laser and a fat man, and they need to damn well use them to their maximum effectiveness, not just sit idly by while any number of menaces wreak havoc on the rest of my vault dwellers who only have sawed-off shotguns and hunting rifles.

4) I regularly have full stocks of stimpaks and radaway. FREAKING USE THEM VAULT DWELLERS. EXHIBIT SOME AUTONOMY. 

I can feel the tendrils of microtransaction greed gripping every aspect of this game. I don't really mind microtransactions. Obviously if I did I wouldn't have spent a dime on this game. What I do mind, is microtransactions that don't REALLY give you anything. This game is designed to feed off of you like a vampire, constantly biting at your neck to get you to buy MORE lunchboxes, MORE quantum, MORE Mr. Handy's to collect your resources. And that's what I hate about this game.

If you're like me, and easily sucked in by resource management games, do not expect a SIMS-like experience.
I lost a vault that I spent hours (and $40, stupidly) on.  I complained, and got nothing back from Steam support or from Bethesda.  I was addicted enough to try again.  Guess what?  after hours and hours of play, power went out.  When I logged back in to play, the vault was gone again.  Forget the backups, those dont work either.  DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME unless you want to see all your gameplay hours dissappear in a single power-outage and/or crash.  Absolule Bull.
Its free and kinda fun for the first few hours but all in all its pointless and ends up being just a daily chore with no purpose.
You lack food - build 1 of 3 rooms to generate it
You lack energy - build 1 of 2 rooms to generate it
You lack water - build 1 of 3 rooms to generate it
Now you have lots of rooms that need 6 dwellers in them to operate on full capacity so you "make" some babies or lure ppl in with a radio station.
But now you lack food water and energy again, so thats your gameplay loop.

In between you can send dwellers out to freeroam in some text adventure style "bring me weapons, scrap, clothes and money" feature or you send them out for scripted quests, which seems to be interactive but truth is that its just clicking on rooms for your dwellers gang of 3 to walk into, wait until they killed everything in it, click shiny corpses and boxes then click the next room to walk into.
And if you get bored of that (which will happen in no time) you can also choose to increase your dwellers "S.P.E.C.I.A.L" stats by putting them into 1 of 7 special training rooms for about an irl week or so until they reach the cap, then put them in a room for a different stat and wait another week again, so much fun and you even have to do it 7x200 times! Wohoo!

But wait there is more boredom to be had! You can also build legendary weapons and outfits in no more than just 150-400 hours of real time! Why would you do that? Well to have more fun in all those boring quests and vault assaults of course, since these items will significantly reduce the time you have to spend looking at super boring auto fights!

But wait you may ask, there has to be something, some mayor endgame challenge at the end of all that preparation, training, scavenging and outfitting!?
NOOO there is absolutely NOTHING else for you to do in here except buying a few lootboxes with insulting contents such as 1 Stimpack, 100 caps, 1 piece of junk, 50 Water and many more items that you can generate hundreds of per hour while you're asleep!

At least it made me want to play a real Fallout game again so there's that...
This game has a save game breaking bug, you´ll loose all your progress. No way to recover it since the files will be gone from your computer and the instant you fire up the game without no knowledge of this it will sync and is gone forever.

There´s no mention of this on any review, but you can find thousands of people having this issue on the forums and on the internet and Bethesda keeps ignoring them, on a game with payed content.
Enjoyed playing this little game on my mobile that when it came to Steam with achievements I was thrilled. Much like the mobile version and easy to use with a mouse instead of a touch screen...

But seriously - how many times do i have to lose my vault and start over?

Fix it. 

I shouldnt have to save my vault externally "in case" this happens.

Fix it already.
There's some good to be had, but there's a bunch of problems that stack up.

I like the grinding in this game; grinding tends to be seen as a negative, but in Shelter, everything you do has an ultimate purpose, so nothing comes out as a waste of time (having more than enough resources is good, you can grind for better stats, etc.).  So yeah, I liked that.

What I don't like is the interface; I try to move the camera, it moves a guy to a lower floor by accident, or I would try to put a guy to take care of Radroaches, it doesn't do anything.  This is where it gets more grueling than fun, as it happens constantly.

There's also a few nitpicks; a screen where you can see whatever stuff the Dwellers are wearing would've gone a long way, it'd be nice if gaining more resources than you can hold gives you money in return (it kind of does, but at random), and while I did say the grinding is good, because of it you also can't play the game when you're "in the mood", you need to wait for hours for stuff to happen.

But, the one thing that made me decide this game is not worth a damn is this; there's no cooldown on the Radscorpions.  They are easily the worst enemy, as they deal huge damage, can do radiation damage, they go everywhere on the map, and they drain your electricity.  I got three of these buggers in a row, I can't ever recover from those.

Another thing that happened is that, when I sent out a dweller in the wasteland, I gave him RadAways, but he never used them, so he died once because of radiation sickness and I had to pay 1000 Caps because the game is stupid.

Only for those who have a lot of free time and can overlook these issues, but as for me, NO.
The first hour or five feel like Sim Tower with guns. Awesome.
However after that initial rush, you realize you've seen really everything this game has to offer. No new enemies. Incrementally harder versions of the same 5 or so challenges. And the incentive to spend countless hours making weapons that function mechanically the same way as the junk you started with. And so the repetition begins...

If it's ever developed into something of real substance, this could become a classic. The very concept Sim Vault has a ton of potential. It's just a shame that Shelter doesn't really achieve any of it

TL;DR: The game has some great ideas going for it. However, the longer I played the more I realized just how thin they'd been stretched out. Not a bad game; I enjoyed the experience for a while. But looking back on it all, it's not one I'd be quick to recommend.
Wait-to-play clicker that is deeply addictive and utterly pointless. A skinner box with a good cover. Nothing but you sitting, looking at the screen, waiting to click, waiting to get the next bit of equipment. Getting everything and realizing "there is no point, there is no end, my God, is this life?"

It is too late for me, but save yourselves!  For God's sake, save yourselves!
Its free and kinda fun for the first few hours but all in all its pointless and ends up being just a daily chore with no purpose.
You lack food - build 1 of 3 rooms to generate it
You lack energy - build 1 of 2 rooms to generate it
You lack water - build 1 of 3 rooms to generate it
Now you have lots of rooms that need 6 dwellers in them to operate on full capacity so you "make" some babies or lure ppl in with a radio station.
But now you lack food water and energy again, so thats your gameplay loop.

In between you can send dwellers out to freeroam in some text adventure style "bring me weapons, scrap, clothes and money" feature or you send them out for scripted quests, which seems to be interactive but truth is that its just clicking on rooms for your dwellers gang of 3 to walk into, wait until they killed everything in it, click shiny corpses and boxes then click the next room to walk into.
And if you get bored of that (which will happen in no time) you can also choose to increase your dwellers "S.P.E.C.I.A.L" stats by putting them into 1 of 7 special training rooms for about an irl week or so until they reach the cap, then put them in a room for a different stat and wait another week again, so much fun and you even have to do it 7x200 times! Wohoo!

But wait there is more boredom to be had! You can also build legendary weapons and outfits in no more than just 150-400 hours of real time! Why would you do that? Well to have more fun in all those boring quests and vault assaults of course, since these items will significantly reduce the time you have to spend looking at super boring auto fights!

But wait you may ask, there has to be something, some mayor endgame challenge at the end of all that preparation, training, scavenging and outfitting!?
NOOO there is absolutely NOTHING else for you to do in here except buying a few lootboxes with insulting contents such as 1 Stimpack, 100 caps, 1 piece of junk, 50 Water and many more items that you can generate hundreds of per hour while you're asleep!

At least it made me want to play a real Fallout game again so there's that...
Note that the forums are crawling with warnings about this game deleting your saves. I just lost nearly 70 hours of game play to this bug myself.

BE WARNED - this game has a horrific bug that can delete all save data
In Fallout Shelter, the player takes on the role of overseer of a vault from the Fallout franchise.

You can construct twenty four different rooms within your vault, each of which serves a specific purpose. The dining room and water treatment facility will generate food and water to keep your people alive, while the power plant will generate electricity to keep all your rooms operational. You can increase your population by using a radio room to attract new settlers from the wasteland, and you can place male and female dwellers into living quarters so that they’ll have children who will grow into adults. Other rooms will let you craft stimpacks, radaway, weapons and outfits (which boost the wearer’s SPECIAL stats).

Each room is linked to a SPECIAL stat (for example, the power plant requires strength) so ideally you need to assign people to work in rooms that make use of their best attributes. There are separate rooms dedicated to improving each of a dweller’s SPECIAL stats.

You can also build an Overseer’s office, which will allow you to send teams of 3 people on quests. Unfortunately this is where the game becomes extremely flawed.

The story on these quests is almost non-existent. Its mostly a case of “we need to find a thing”, “oh look here is the thing” or “we need to find a person”, “sorry you just missed them, try looking in this other location”. Fallout games usually have varied dialogue choices and multiple ways to solve quests. Fallout Shelter even has an achievement for making 25 dialogue choices during quests, but this is misleading. Most quests don't actually have any choices, and you can't control what your people say. My achievements page shows that I've completed 33 quests and only made 17 dialogue choices. This means that literally half the quests have 0 choices, and the other half have a total of 1 choice each.

The combat is also terrible. During quests you’ll fight the usual Fallout enemies – raiders, feral ghouls, mole rats, radroaches, radscorpions, deathclaws. (These creatures will also periodically attack your vault, which is a complete waste of time – 3 enemies making a suicidal run against my 100+ vault population is not even a challenge). Your people attack on a cooldown timer, so they'll fire 3 times and then wait about 10 seconds before firing 3 more times, repeat. Enemies seem to attack quicker, so you just sit there thinking "you're taking damage idiot, fire back" while your people just stand there doing nothing.

The most infuriating part is that sometimes your people will randomly decide to move to a different position instead of attacking. But this serves no purpose. They aren’t moving to get into attack range. I've seen guys equipped with a sniper rifle move into melee range, and guys with a melee weapon or shotgun run to the other end of the room. Its just stupid. After making sure your people are equipped with weapons that have the highest damage values, the player will mostly just watch the combat play out, and occasionally click icons to do critical hits, and use stimpacks or radaway to heal your guys when they're on low health. If they die you can pay caps to resurrect them after the quest ends.

There’s also lots of waiting. Its a free to play game with microtransactions that was originally on mobile devices, so obviously the whole game is set up to try to make you spend money to skip the waiting. When you send people on quests, it can take anywhere from 2 to 15 real world hours for them to arrive there (and the same time to travel back to the vault after completing or failing the quest). You can also only have a maximum of 3 active quest teams, with a fully upgraded Overseer’s office. That’s 9 people on quests, even if you’ve got 100 guys in your vault. You have to wait hours for babies to be born, and more hours for them to grow into adults so you can assign them to work rooms. You have to wait hours to train SPECIAL stats. You have to wait hours to craft stuff. Its pretty much a case of play for 20 minutes, get to the point where you can’t do anything else, close the game and come back a few hours later. But of course, you can use nuka cola quantum to skip the waiting and do stuff instantly, which you can either buy with real money, or occasionally find for free on quests.

Now, maybe you can say these criticisms don’t count, because the game is FREE. But when deciding whether or not to play a game, you don’t just think about the money. You think about the time investment as well. I’ve put 18 hours into Fallout Shelter, and unfortunately I can’t say that I ever really enjoyed it.
It's an okay game, I'd say. At first it was on phone, and it was a pretty fun way to pass the time. The PC version is just as nice. However, the definitely freaking annoying thing with this game is that when you quit... it goes on. No save. So, you can have plenty of food, water and power, but later when you come back, boom, all of this has disappeared and you have the levels in red, with possibly one or more dead residents. It feels like having a leash and not being able to go away and have your game still in good shape, if you see what I mean? Like, if I go on vacation or I just don't have the time, I'm fucked. Not sure if I'd recommend it. I'd say yes if you're ready to get entirely addicted to something, but no if you're the busy, or just "hobbyist" Fallout Shelter player.
The first thing you need to understand about Fallout Shelter is that it's a mobile game through and through. Even the Steam version has ended up as less of a port and more of an emulation of the original iOS game. All of the needless clicking, microtransations, and timers that are ubiquitous in the mobile market - and so out of place on the PC - are still alive and well here.

The concept of the game itself is simple enough: build a Vault that produces enough food, water, and energy for its dwellers to survive and also protect them from random dangers. The means of producing those necessities and the dangers interrupting that pursuit have a few subtle variations, but exploring the wasteland and embarking on quests are the only things that actually break up the monotony. The dialogue during those quests and the journal entries a dweller makes while out in the wasteland are both surprisingly and darkly hilarious. Combining this clever writing with the excitement of collecting new items, the time spent outside of the Vault invigorates time spent inside it. However, that feeling can only last so long before the staleness of the majority of the experience overwhelms it. The same can be said about customizing dwellers or upgrading their equipment. More options, many of which are obviously worse than others, cannot make up for the fact that there's nothing more to do with them.

Fallout Shelter was made as a promotional tool and the attempt to grow past its beginnings by adding more content has not changed that fact. Modular pieces shoddily rearranged over and over again, sadly, do not make for exciting experiences. And yet, I've spent well over a hundred hours in this game, not counting the time I spent playing it on iOS. Something about Fallout Shelter certainly seems to appeal to me. I just wish I could figure out what it is.

Fallout Shelter, live life in your Completely UNSAFE Vault, Vault Tec did not bother building a solid vault, rather Every Radroach and Radscorpion in the entire wasteland, nests underneath your vault just waiting to gnaw its way through your paperthin walls. If Not, you are about to get attacked by Raiders, Ghouls or Deathclaws...
Because apparantly you drew everyman and creature on earth a map to your vault and then copied it a billion times.

If none of that happens be sure to be ready with a fire extinguisher in the most remote and unused part of the vault

If only the game gave you a break, but no.. I played it for 5 hours the first day, closed down and came back to half my vault dead.
Bethesda coughed up this game to keep people busy until the Fallout 4 release, and made a big deal of it being free to play. I never actually played it as such, but gave it a shot now just because I was curious, and the game has gotten a pretty good amount of positive reviews on Steam.

To keep it short, the game both scratched an itch and annoyed the hell out of me at the same time.

Undoubtedly, the idea of managing a post-nuclear vault is an interesting prospect. The game has a nice style to it, and contains many familiar elements from the Fallout games. The big problem with the game, is that it's not a typical strategy/tycoon type of game that a seasoned gamer might wish for. Instead, it's a game about collecting resources by clicking, and waiting for real-time timers, just like certain mobile type games. It is a gameplay model I'm not very fond of at all, but I might even forgive it if you didn't have to wait a very long time for things to happen. The waiting times are too long - sometimes up to several hours, and I find myself just staring at the screen while occasionally clicking on things that doesn't feel anything close to rewarding. You can actually pay money to skip things, but I feel absolutely no desire to do so.

The game also is quite shallow. While I haven't yet unlocked all the possible rooms, I've gotten the gist of the basics. You assign dwellers to certain rooms, but they don't even appear to be doing anything useful. A looped animation is all you will see, and an occasional random comment if you are zoomed in enough. Sometimes, disasters occur, such as fires, infestations and raider attacks, but you don't really have to do a lot. The dwellers mostly automatically take matters into their own hands as well as they can, and that is usually enough. You might have to equip them and heal them now and then, and possibly order them around if rooms are unmanned. They stick to the room you picked, unless there's a disaster in progress. They have no life, but work in that room 24/7. You can order them to go to the residental area to make babies. They level up occasionally, but what that is good for I do not know. You can train them in certain rooms to improve their attributes.

Building the vault is limited to a certain area, and a certain amount of room types which unlock as your shelter gets more dwellers. Rooms can be combined to form bigger rooms, and rooms can be upgraded a few times. Each room typically focus on one of the special attributes of the dwellers, giving what I assume are bonuses based on those. All you have to do is keep the rooms manned and connected. It is a rather bland experience.

Eventually, you will be able to send dwellers out on quests. Actually, you can send them out to explore earlier, but they just end up dead eventually, apparently not having enough brains to figure out when to return. You have to do that manually. You can track them by watching a log, which hints at a deeper simulation, but I fear it's a lie. Quests are a bit more interesting, since you get to order them around when they reach their destination. You tell them which rooms to enter and you can also pick enemy targets. However, in my experience, it's best to just stick to automatic combat. The combat itself feels like some kind of semi-turnbased kind of thing, but it's not very responsive and trying to affect it in any meaningful matter seems like a waste of energy. You'll also get to grab loot by clicking containers and dead bodies.

I want to like this game, and I like the idea of a management game based on the Fallout setting. However, playing it is mostly a frustrating and unsatisfying experience. I just find it hard to recommend it.
Well the game was fun to play, but my vault save became corupt, so if you willing to waste time playing the game to lose your vault after 100 hours of play time by all means.
it deleted my game and my vault, when you spendng time on a game and everything stops working
it is extremly frustrating! having to reinstall it over and over isnt the best either. work on your game please before realesing it to the public free or not!
The game makes for a good mobile game.  Not so much fun on PC...at least for me.  I liked the feeling of progression, but I was really bothered that if I tried to play for any decent length of time (over 20 minutes), I seemed to always be attacked by Deathclaws.  These attacks were so very annoying and made no sense to me since I wasn't even heading out into the wasteland and yet these creatures constantly were finding us, breaking the doors, and somehow making their way through my entire 8 floor vault.  Not cool...not fun...no more playtime for me.  If you enjoy the game then I say great for you, but after 19 hours, I have had enough and will not be playing this anymore.  Thank you for reading.
1. Played a few hours.
2. Realized that the game is trying to mooch my money. (If you don't buy in game items with real money then you are forced to needlessly waste your time.)
3. Quickly forgot about the game and never played it again.
The idea of managing a Vaultec vault is pretty nice. But on PC this game doesn't work. It consists of endless grinding. If that's too boring you can skip the required time by spending Nuka Cola. You can buy those for real world money.
once you really get started and are pretty much done with the game...your pretty much done. Not to mention that you can glitch the game for free lunchboxes which is not a big deal but main point is that it is fun for the like the first 5-10 hours of the vault or however long it takes you to be a good vault with a good amount of dwellers there really isnt a point left for the game. yaa.
Whoever designed the Quest tutorial for the Overseer's Office needs to reevaluate their career. 

Me: "Oh cool, a new room. I'll just place that down and call back my exploring dweller-"
Game: "Wowie you unlocked QUESTS! Let's start the quest tutorial RIGHT NOW! Pick this quest and send this random unarmed and unequipped dude to go kill some giant rad roach! No, you're not allowed to cancel, and no, you're not allowed to equip the dude before he leaves, have fun!"
Game: "Oops, looks like your unarmed dude died to a few rad roaches. Who'd have thought?! Oh well, just pay 250 caps to try again!"
Me: "Okay, fine, maybe it'll reload differently and I'll have better luck-"
Game: "Nope, literally everything is going to be exactly the same and there's no way for you to change the outcome!"
Me: "... Okay, fine, I'll just take what little loot I have and leave-"
Game: "Nope, you have the complete the quest to keep the items you got!"
Me: "Well cool, this was a complete waste of time and caps, send him back."
Game: "Sure! He'll be back in 10 HOURS!"

Wow, gee, thanks, what a cool tutorial I was forced to do that did nothing for me other than waste my money and remove one of my workers for 10 hours. How about next time maybe wait until I actually WANT to do a quest before starting the tutorial? You know, when I'm actually prepared for it and have some clue as to what the fuck is going on?

Don't build that room unless you have someone fully equipped in your vault and are ready to send them out immediately. And don't bother retrying if you fail since there's not really much you can do to change the outcome, other than random crits and changing which enemy you want them to target.
The constant fires killed this for me. I come back to the game to several people dead. or constantly have to heal them because a fire erupted out of thin air 3 times in 10 minutes.
It is an engaging game and I loved it to a point.  But I hated it forcefully trying to destabilise your achievements, by means outside the established mechanics.
Started out as really fun. Until all of the unresolved bugs pop up destroying your progress, deleting the Vaults you've built, and numerous bugs that halt the progress of completing achievements. Some people have spent "hundreds" on this game, only to be told, "Oh well".

No updates, no content, no bug fixes, no communication, no Dev presence, but you can dang well bet that the cash shop is still working flawlessly (they need a steady stream of suckers to fund their Fallout 76 disaster).

Even if you're extremely bored and have no other option that looks entertaining, steer clear of this mess until someone over at Bethesda realizes the game still exists.
Dump that shit! Spend 30 bucks on this and now it will not start anymore for a few days in a row.Installed/deinstalled/driver reset etc. all done. The game cant start my favorite Vault,surprise surprise its the vault all my money is in......

Fallout franchise is just a fucking joke atm.
