I decided to play this with my friends as a joke, when suddenly a random guy joined our server. His name was "TiddyBoi" and he absolutely decimated us. Literally nothing we did could stop this Ricochet killing machine. We typed Status into the console and found his Steam page. The man had played 2000+ hours of Ricochet. All he does is wait for people to come onto Ricochet, boot it up himself and decimate them.

Like a gatekeeper, an eternal guardian sworn to Ricochet, he waits, He waits for you to challenge him. Which is fucking awesome.

When's Ricochet 2?
When my wife left me and took full custody of all 26 of my Irish children, I almost lost it. I became suicidal, cutting deep into my wrists and wishing the emotional turmoil would end. I opened up my computer and planned to have one last good time before I ended my pain-stricken and worthless life. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a notification popped up on my desktop, a steam gift, I could only wonder what it was. I finally used my last essence of courage and wonder I had left in my battered and bruised body to open it. Ricochet emerged on my screen. ♥♥♥♥ it, I might as well have some fun on my last day of measly existence. I downloaded and opened the game. A flash of colour, the amazing soundtrack, enjoyment. I came to the epiphany that it had not been a worthless journey. I had rediscovered Jesus. No not Jesus, one who is greater than he, the legendary Gaben. I played it for hours on end. Win after Win. My wife came to her senses and realised the sexy alpha male she was missing out on. She came home, all my children in her hands.
'I miss you' she cried.
'Eat a shit Bethany, I have Ricochet now'.
I slammed the door in that bitches face. I could hear her wail into the cold night air, her cries piercing the air like a gunshot in an enclosed room. She got in the stupid, run down car that she drove, pilling the disgusting fruit of my loins into it. Good, I hope that she died. I returned to my computer to see a notification, Ricochet. I opened it and it was a direct message with a picture attachment, a fully naked Gaben in a silk curtain stared into the camera. The captioning was, 'Hey sexy, if you really love me, you'll put your♥♥♥♥♥♥in the usb drive, see you soon, x', at first, I was repulsed and confused, but it occurred to me, this was the will of the aforementioned higher power. Of Gaben the Great himself. Without further hesitation, I did as I was instructed, it hurt, but it was a required evil. I became sucked into the machine, Dick first, and arrived in the map 'rc_deathmatch2', and saw a lone figure crouched on the ground, after closer inspection, I realised they were just short. I walked over and saw the familiar angelic face, and glasses, I saw the sly grin spread across his face, he took a step toward me.
' Hey man, you want some skins', he said sexily.
I ran and embraced him, lifting him off the ground.
'I love you, Gaben',
'I love you too',
We stepped off the path and hopped in the Legendary Kart, one seat. Only one/
'Where am I supposed to sit?' I whined.
'Oh, about that, you can just sit on daddy's lap' he winked.
I sat down and felt his raging erection touch the tip of my dick We sped off into the sunset, into a life of wonder and romance.

Fin.
>tries to play

>tries to play game with bots

>bots aren't avialiable in ricochet

>tries to join online gmae

>every server has 0 players and most of them are named your mama

great game
For the most part, Ricochet is a meme. I’m not sure if it’s a meme because it was an unpopular Valve game or because of its absurdity, but the latter is why I actually like it. Ricochet is a game where there are a bunch of small platforms floating in nothingness with boosters along the sides that shoot you to other platforms. Your character is equipped with disks that you can throw and, upon hitting a wall, wall ricochet off. If the disk hits a player, it’ll knock them back. The general idea of Ricochet is to knock other players off of these small, floating platforms with your disks. While this is the idea, I think myself and many other people find it much more effective to decapitate people instead. To do this, you right click to use up all three disks you have “loaded” to send out one disk that will instantly kill whoever it touches. So what happens most of the time is people try to get point-blank to guarantee the insta-kill. This can be fun in its own right, though, as there are sometimes goose chases on all of these platforms with launchers and other times where people try to long-shot the insta-kill disk. Other times you might be chasing someone and they turn around and hit you instead. It’s simple, zany fun for the shortish sessions my friends and I sometimes have.
Of course, that’s the thing about Ricochet. You probably aren’t going to find anyone online, so you have to get your friends to play…which can be a tall order depending on who you’re asking. This game really only serves a purpose as a game you recommend playing out of nowhere and, if people agree, it can be a fun time for half an hour. I wouldn’t pick it up for $5 ever, but if it’s on a big sale, maybe pick it up and experience ~Valve History~!
@E3 2015


Gaben comes out
Heavy breathing intensifies
He says a new game is coming out
He says it will be a great new game
He announces...
RICOCHET 2
[h1]Ricochet, one of the best games on steam.[/h1]

[b] Before I go any further I would just like to say there is a tl;dr at the bottom of this review[/b]

So I'd like to start by saying that I love this game, and its core gameplay is good enough to look past its few flaws. This game is a mod of the original half-life that came out in 2000, however because of its thriving community and plethora of mods, its age has only really now begun to show. It places you in a future alternate universe where the entirety of existence depends on your ability to partake in the activity of “Duel to the Death Space Frisbee” or DDSF for short. Below I've made a table to outline all the various elements of the game with a rating at the end.   
[table]
    [tr]
        [th][b]Concept[/b][/th]
        [th][b]Description[/b][/th]
        [th][b]Rating out of 10[/b][/th]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Story[/td]
        [td]The story of Ricochet is a deep and complex one. You are placed in a totally new world, where it only seems as if people are interested in this sport "Space Frisbee". You are never told anything about your character, except that they are a Space Frisbee player. That being said though, your character is made to be disposable, and when your character dies, it's over. You are placed in the shoes of a new person, who wears the same clothing as you, and sounds the same as you, and often shares the same fate as you. It's a highly critical commentary on today’s culture, where it seems as if people are losing their lives to something arbitrary, almost a sport, for no real distinguishable reason. It makes the player contemplate what they are doing with their lives, and whether it is meaningful or not. I won't spoil the rest of the story for you, but all I can say is that you should look forward to epic conspiracies, insane bosses, and one of the most exciting and fulfilling endings in all of video games.[/td]
        [td]10[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Gameplay[/td]
        [td]Now, Ricochet is truly one of this games that you can describe as "easy to learn, difficult to master". Its gameplay seems simple at first, as it begins with "throw disc and hit object" but as you progress you find more ways to play the game using its initial mechanics. First you're introduced with obstacles that your discs bounce off of, allowing you to start having your discs ricochet. The obstacles then change in complexity and usefulness, as near the later parts of the game, you even start to avoid them as they can be very deadly. There are different power-ups for your discs that change the way you use them, which gives a greater feeling of accomplishment when you figure out how to use one of the power-ups to its fullest affect. Ricochet’s gameplay respects player intelligence by giving you many different ways to play. The depth of the mechanics have been compared to dwarf fortress, and although I wouldn't go that far I can certainly see players sinking thousands of hours into this game trying to really figure everything out for themselves.[/td]
        [td]10[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Graphics[/td]
        [td]There isn't too much to say here. For a game that came out 14 (now nearly 15) years ago, it looks quite good. When in came out it was among the best looking games to date, and remained that way until about 2005. Despite looking a bit aged its color and stylistic focus make it easy and pleasant on the eyes, while still allowing for good atmosphere.[/td]
        [td]8[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Multiplayer[/td]
        [td]I'll just start out by say the multiplayer is AMAZING. It captures the cinematic and atmospheric feel of the single player, while allowing player interaction in a diverse open world. You're allowed to find various "Arenas" in which you may do battle with your friends to see who's the best at DDSF. With a booming community, and an incredible amount of modded servers you can easily find yourself playing this multiplayer for hours on end. Even though it's been 14 years, because of its very in-depth gameplay and large community, the Ricochet multiplayer is still one of the best you can find on this platform.[/td]
        [td]10[/td]
    [/tr]
[/table]

All in all, I'd give this game a 10/10. Everything about it is amazing and enjoyable, from its single player, multi-player, stunning visuals, in-depth gameplay, and did I mention its kickin' soundtrack? Well it's amazing. Seriously, if you don't have this game, you need to fix that right now.

TL;DR In my opinion one of the best games valve has ever made, I highly recommend this game.
Just like Team Fortress and Counter-Strike, this was once merely a Half-Life mod that Gabe Newell and his co-workers decided to put some extra effort into. It became a high-end standalone title, and brother, did they make a good job. Improved textures, mechanics and overall level design.

The game is pretty simple at its core; it's a elimination/free-for-all game where you have to use your surroundings, levels and weapon - the power disc - to claim yourself the big name of the game. Moving fast and swiftly between platforms in a blitz of your enemies is vital for succession in this game. It takes some time to learn, and even longer to master. But by studying your opponents, you'll pick up their tricks soon enough and give them a taste of their own medicine.

One thing that I love about this game is the amount of servers that are available, over a decade after the game's release. You'll never have to wait for a server without open slots, allowing you to easily invite your friends to play with you. Trust me, this game is much more fun with your friends. The more players who join, the better and more intense the game becomes.

In conclusion, I think this game is extremely underrated and truly deserves a sequel. Lots of Valve fans seem to have forgotten about this gem, and even Valve themselves don't feature it on their official website. But I'm living proof that this game is still taking breaths. Forgotten but not lost, this game deserves your love. It's a part of the CS1 Anthology and the Valve Complete Pack, so chances are that you already have this game and simply forgot that you have it. Otherwise, it's available for the low price of $4.99 here on Steam (50% off as I'm writing).

And yes, the graphics might not live up to today's standards. But when games like Minecraft sells millions of copies, I don't see how graphics are an relevant issue.

Oh, a final tip to those who'll try this game out: don't fall.

9/10 (Would buy this game for a friend.)
A lesser known game among Steam (and also a definite buy if it's under a buck). 

Ricochet is one of those games you buy on an extreme sale, play for probably 20 minutes to half hour at a time, then leave it for a while. Doesn't mean it's a bad game.

Ricochet's game mechanics revolves around simple movement. The player can move side to side, back and forth but can easily fall off the platform they are on. Players are meant to jump platform to platform, but are only able to by stepping on the arrows at the edge of the platform. The arrows then launch the player into the air and towards another platform. A player in the meantime, can jump at the same time you can and both of you can end up colliding, falling into an abyss of darkness. Or, one player can hit the right mouse button and kill the other guy with a Frisbee The player has the ability to shoot a disk to decapitate the opponent. Some of the maps I have played so far are quite intriguing, but don't offer any significant background to gaze at.

It's quite a simple game, and you basically are going to get what you pay for. Servers aren't always full, but I've been fortunate enough at the times that I do jump on (Saturday during the day) that they are. [b]Graphics[/b] and [b]sounds[/b] aren't anywhere near today's capabilities, but if you are one to enjoy a good game concept and can stand old graphics, this game is for you.Rating for it back in 2000, 7.5/10



RATING : 6.9/10



[table]
[tr]
	[td]Gameplay[/td]
	[td]B-[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td]Story / Campaign[/td]
	[td]N/A[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td]Visuals / User Interface[/td]
	[td]C+[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td]Sounds / Music[/td]
	[td]C[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td]Replay-ability[/td]
	[td]B-[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
	[td]Overall [/td]
	[td]C+[/td]
[/tr]
[/table]


Would be nice to see some additions to the game, more movements variances, more maps, more abilities, maybe melee capabilities?
Hello I'm Rato and this is my favorite game on the PC-market. I've been playing this game very much and hope I'll be soon invited to Ninjas in Pyjamas Ricochet team. See you at next majors!
Ricochet would be Valve's most obscure game not called [url=http://store.steampowered.com/recommended/recommendgame/40]Deathmatch Classic[/url] if it didn't become a minor meme exactly for being Valve's most obscure game that isn't Deathmatch Classic. It's essentially a first person Tron mod for Half-Life where you run around platforms and throw discs at enemies to try and knock them off into the void.

I...guess the gameplay is okay for what it is? I wouldn't exactly know, because despite its meme status very few people actually play this game - and there are no bots. You can arrange pick-up games with a couple likeminded folks on the game's community forum, but that's it.

If you do own it, it's probably because you're a Valve nerd who bought the Complete Pack, a dyed-in-the-wool retro gamer who bought the Counter-Strike 1 Anthology which has this game for some reason, or a memelord. I don't know if it's even worth it for anybody else, unless you know other people who not only own but want to play it. This is yet another game that I'd like to give a "mixed" rating to, and there's even a mixed icon on the Steam store's search results to display a game with middling user reviews! Come on Valve, show some initiative again.

Interestingly, the "variety of futuristic battle arenas" touted on the store page boils down to 3 maps that look the same, although given the nature of gameplay they seem to be designed alright. Also, props to the death screams and total lack of music or ambient noise for making the game a little creepy when nobody else is playing.
Ricochet

Ricochet is really fun game to play with a friend or friends. You are offered basically 1 map, but there are some different maps in the server menu. The basic map works best since there is not so many players in this game. If you manage to find a server with maybe two players in it and join with your friend you can get some really good games and fun times. I seriously mean that. Sometimes you can start a really big game even 10 people might join sometimes and that is probably more than enough to be honest. On the bigger maps more players mean more fun.

This game might become a bit competitive after playing a while. It is good thing in this game. You can get some powerups which give you different "plates" to throw and "plates" do different things. For example one throws more than 1 "plate" at the time.

This will not get boring fast. Usually there is not that much people playing so it can get boring because of that... Overall this is really fun game and you should try this. I suggest getting it on sale even though it is only 5 euros. That is because there is so little players nowdays so you do not regret buying this.

Grade for ricochet if it has some players: 10/10
Ricochet is honestly, by far, the absolute best game ever made. I've played many timeless classics, such as Witcher 3, Fallout: New Vegas, Dark Souls, and Half-Life, but I must say, this is my favorite game of all time. The controls are an absolute joy to use, especially with how smooth they are, the gameplay, involving you throwing some beautifully colored disks at other players or decapitating them during an intense battle on the most beautiful and colorful arena I've ever seen, is top-notch, and the story and lore are enthralling. You can just tell the developers spent AT LEAST 25 minutes making this game. The graphics are definitely the most beautiful graphics ever seen, with the jaw-dropping neon color pallet that perfectly suits its environment. I rate this game a perfect 10/10 for its gameplay, story, and graphics. Valve, Please. Take your focus off of Dota 2 and make a sequel to this brilliant masterpiece.
ricochet 2 coming april 12th
-gabe newell 2019

can't wait for ricochet 2, this game was so fantastic in every way possible that i can't imagine how good the sequel will be.
Ricochet, I wouldn’t really label it under being a hidden gem or obscure. I mean come on it’s made by Valve, anything by Valve is known to a certain degree. But it is definitely underrated, people always shut down this game because it looks weird and or that it feels empty.

Valve certainly doesn’t seem to like it, they pay no attention at all to it and made it worth extra less in the summer sale and didn’t even talk about it in their backlog of old games which has the description of “Eleven games that changed the world, and one that didn’t.”... It’s Valve’s first game that was aimed towards being competitive and also isn’t related to Half-Life.

The game’s art-style is obviously derived from Tron, and takes place in some futuristic space planet arena thing. Regardless it’s actually pretty cool. And all the sound effects are unique and satisfying, except I swear the sound when you freeze somebody with a freeze shot is the sound of two lightsabers hitting each other.

The game unfortunately has no music of any sorts, I joked about this in a video where it was titled the full soundtrack to Ricochet but it was just an hour of nothing. But this game really could have used some ambience or something.

Anyway, the gameplay consists of switching through small floating platforms by launching yourself from a jump pad and throwing projectiles at other players and making them bounce off walls and such to either push them into the endless void below or to instantly kill them with a decapitation shot.
You can get powerups that power your discs such as rapid-fire, triple shots, power shots that decapitate, and freeze shots that can home in on other players. That last one may sound overpowered but it’s actually the worst.

The game has three maps as followed: Arena, deathmatch, and deathmatch 2. Arena is the more competitive 1v1 map while deathmatch and deathmatch 2 are more for, well, deathmatches with multiple players.

And that’s about all the game has to offer in terms of content, but the game is actually pretty addicting and encourages competitive play and for you to pay extra attention to everything detail, especially when you start playing Arena.

Ricochet is very, very underrated and has a great and fun experience inside it especially with friends. It’s only $4.99 and is usually $0.99 during sales. I definitely recommend it if you’re looking for a really fun game to play with friends, or just want to experience a piece of Valve’s history.
Logged in and played.

Saw one guy playing. We chatted and played for a while.
I say it was a great night.

http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=436775057
RIP in peace NONTOXICSTEROID.
The storyline had me hooked right till the end. I will never forgot the story of the frisbee champions who found a powerfull substance. Its a great moral about drugs.
Ricochet is truly one of the few games that can be described as "life-changing". The fact that this game doesn't have thousands of players online is absolutely unfathomable. 

Please spread the word, we need to revive this hidden gem.


[h1]In Short - [/h1]

I actually enjoyed Ricochet. Don't listen to all of the hate it gets. Now, I wouldn't recommend spending £4 on the game alone, but if you buy the CS Anthology or Valve Complete Pack, then give it a try. Sure, you'll find very few people. Sure, the gameplay is hard to get used to. But damn, does it feel good to soar through the air, decapitate a man and carry on. Now, so far I've only played one map, and only against bots, but I'm sure I'm going to play some more. Here are some things I liked and disliked - 

[h1] PROs and CONs -[/h1]

PROs - 
[list]
[*] Variety of powerups, each spawning randomly every time.
[*] Two ways to kill: hitting off the edge, or decapitating.
[*] An interesting way of managing how many shots you shoot at once.
[*] No fall damage! Use those jump pads as much as you like!
[/list]

CONs - 
[list]
[*] You cannot shoot up or down. This leaves out any potential of getting an awesome kill after falling.
[*] Very few people who actually play. Yeah, this isn't the game's fault, or Volvo's fault. It's the same with most multiplayer games that aren't relatively new, such as HL:DM or DoD.
[*] Few official maps to play.
[*] [b]NO[/b] official Valve servers. 
[*] When bodyslamming a player in midair, not much happens, and it tends to be kinda glitchy.


[h1] Finally -[/h1]

I could probably list more PROs and CONs for Ricochet if there was a need/if I played more, however I don't feel a need at this time. I'd give it a 7.3/10. Don't bother buying it individually, but if you get it in a pack, give it a try. It's a piece of Valve's growing history, even if not one of their best moments.

[code][b] Enjoy this review? Did it help you choose whether to buy the game or not?
Join my group,[url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/CiphersTakeOn#] Cipher's Take On[/url] for more reviews, and share your own too!
~ _BillCipher [/b] [/code]
Who needs half life 3?
no one thats who, ricochet has everything, the graphics, the story, the gameplay and  differently the character development, rick from ricochet in my opinion grows as a character more than serious same and dave defeat, this game is fantastic beasts and where to find them
[h1] Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the FPS shooter genre and doesn't mind an old game.

This can be a fun game to play but the trouble is the game doesn't actually contain much content which makes it a little repetitive.

But not many people plays it. I recommend playing this game with your friends.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Ricochet. The gameplay is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical gamer's head. There’s also Red Playermodel's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The community understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these plays, to realise that they’re not just smooth- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Ricochet truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Red Playermodel's existential catchphrase “AAAAAAAAAAA” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Valve Corporation's genius wit unfolds itself on their PC Monitors. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Ricochet tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
-this is me when I started playing:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzUC4-i_cgo

-this is me after playing:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdzCR_7RR60



the game is empty, there is a community of like 8 or less players
but you can get a lot of laughs out of it.


P.S: It feels a lot like that "3d" pinball game that came with windows xp for some reason...
Valve is known for many amazing titles, like Half-Life, Portal, Counter-Strike and many others. But there are some games that are often forgotten, even though many people have them due to buying the Valve Complete Pack. Games like Day of Defeat, Team Fortress Classic, Alien Swarm. Some of them pretty good, others - more questionable. So I'm going to review the [i]BEST[/i] one of them: Ricochet!

Ricochet is a first person shooter, although I like to call it a first-person thrower: you literally throw discs at each other in hope of actually hitting anyone (and that's a major problem for a reason I'm going to talk about later). It was supposed to be a fun online experience with fast-paced gameplay and small, but complex maps, made in an authentic futuristic style (what else can you call a game full of colored platforms in space?!) There are a few power-ups that might give you an advantage over your hypothetical opponents, like the ability to throw quicker discs, throw three at once and others. You gain points by killing people (pushing them off the platforms mostly), and you get a bonus by [i]ricocheting[/i] the discs off of some weirg diagonal... things. They glow yellow, that's what's important!

Ricochet was never supposed to be competitive or serious, it was just a fun experience. So why did Counter-Strike get as popular as it did, but not Ricochet? I actually don't know. The game has one weird quirk: you can't shoot up or down. But that's definitely not the main problem, after all, you don't even need to: it would mess with the gameplay.

So, what's holding it back? Back in the day - probably, the existence of better, more hyped games in the same package. And a lack of content, I guess. Now? Well, you remember how I said that it's an online experience? Yeah, about that. Ricochet is so innovative, that you could even call it the first singleplayer online shooter ([b]THROWER![/b]) with no bots! No one plays this game. This is an unending cycle of not playing: if there's no one playing, there's no one to play with, so why even bother staying on a server for more than a minute? It's kinda sand, because this kind of game might actually become pretty popular with updated graphics and some [i]actual[/i] players. I'm not able to rate it, because I can only assume what gameplay might have been like, since, erm, no one plays it!

The only thing left to do is to quietly wait for...
[h1]RICOCHET 2[/h1]

tldr; best game ever 420/10 would rico the chet again
I will be making Ricochet clan [h1] "Disc Eaters".	[/h1]
If you are interested add me and we will [b] revive this game once and for all. [/b]
[u]  ... Please at least 3 players ...	[/u]
Ricochet to me at first was that game VALVe made that they didn't like to talk about. That they wished people didn't remember. I could see why; it was a really small, simple, low def game. in other words to some people, trash. I'm not really sure when I got ricochet, as it was probably included in a counter-strike pack of sorts. I recently held a LAN party with 2 of my friends and we didn't really have any multi-player games to play, so jokingly I said "Hey guys, let's play Ricochet!" As luck would have it, they had the game too, so we installed and played it. My first impression of this small, 3-map game was "This is gonna suck" but as time went on, we all had a blast laughing at the low-quality screams of falling into a huge pink spinning vortex after being hit in the face by a high-speed disk. If you choose to buy Ricochet, get it in a pack where it's just an included game and don't expect any online servers; rather, play with some good friends and I assure you you'll have a great time.
This is really awesome!
This is not about throwing discs, jump and fall. This is is about throwing discs, jump and fall with style and skill!
Guys buy this, play this and don't make the servers empty, this is awesome as hell!
What I really want to say is ~~> 9/10
If there was a game that could ever cure cancer, this is the one.

Before playing ricochet I was homeless and on the street, now I am a family man of 3 children, two have become Doctors with a PhD along with being a Lawyer on the side.

My 3rd child is an astronaught who is working towards being the first person to mars.

Without ricochet none of this would have been possible.

Looking forward to Ricochet 2 valve!
Best empty space simulation on the market. If you've ever dreamed about throwing Frisbees™ into an endless abyss while contemplating your pointless existence, this is the game for you.
Richochet is among the most played games in the world, and with good reason: it is an amazing game in itself, and even if Valve had never released anything else, this game would still guarantee their position as one of the great game developers.  What makes this game special was Gabe Newell's successful attempt to break the mold of the highly structured and refined rules of video game developement.  At Richochet's most fundamental level, it is the most effective combination of concept, vision and mastery of any medium to date.  It is like a good marriage that completes a feeling inside you, something that lasts forever and grows with time.
Probably the best game I have ever played in my entire life. I reccomend learning the sick headshot moves. After you learn this, you'll surely beat the other 2 people that play the game. Good luck m'friends.
I was sad, angry, dead inside, before i met ricochet. Then one day is was blessed with this miracle known as ricochet. I needed friends, so I started up a conversation in chat by saying "hi." I got the response "Obama is bad" At that moment my depression was instantly cured, and I was erect. I then went to another server to spread the news. I joined the map rc_deathmatch2 and said Obama is Bad. I got the response "Donald Trump is Black"  I jumped up and down with joy. Ricochet isn't a game, it's a lifestyle. Please Lord Gaben, ricochet 2.
Such a sadness brings this in 2019, thank God at least 1 server was there with 7 players, nice! Really need to recommend the old schoolio collection! xd
Inspiring stuff. Never before has a game captivatet my senses (all of them) more than this one. Its Complexity and wonder leaves players feeling furfilled and pleasured. I urge those who do not already have this to purchase it, Achieving enlightenment is not possible without this remarkable tool.
I thought Richochet was one of the old Half Life mods that is overlooked. I just got it today but spent about 20 minutes on it. There is like one populated server but it is extremely fun. TRy it.
Fucking masterpiece. 
People may talk down on this game but you know what atleast this was when Valve made games lol. We don't need half life 3 just ricochet 2. Even when it has 0 players online it's 20x better than artifact. Bravo valve best two quarters i've ever spent on a game.
Ricochet may be the best thing to ever grace our mortal plane of existence. It has such a diverse list of maps such as rc_arena, rc_deathmach and who could forget rc_deathmatch2. This game emmits such an immense force that when i first played this game i was launched out of my chair and onto the floor. Now i have attached a seatbelt to my chair to even be able to brace myself for the pure testosterone and adrenalin this game Ricochets towards my limp body. Every morning i pray that i will one day be able to kneel down to the mastermind who came up with the game that fuels my very existence. I can't wait for them to blow me away again when they release the much anticipated sequel to Ricochet. 10/10
I have achieved the greatest milestone in all of Ricochet. Unlike other players who have only experienced the glory of Ricochet for 5 minutes of their unproductive waste of lives, I have achieved the euphoric life changing exception to human flaws known as Ricochet for more than 1,200 hours. 

Ricochet has brought me many gifts, and one of those gifts granted to me is my burned  retinas, allowing a new way of peering into this world, for example, you filthy subspecies can look at something and see smooth seams and vertices, but to me, every defined corner has a distinct glow illuminating even the darkest of voids with the same semblance of a low polygonal object. The people around me are no longer just people to me, for every person I see is just a target waiting for the sweet release of a flung Laserdisc to decapitate them, breaking them from their meager existence that have been ignorant to the touch formed by the greatest thing our Creator Lord Gaben has granted to us. 

You see, Half-Life was put on this Earth to distract the people of the Steam Civilization, which was built in his image to hide the true gift in plain sight. You may ask for some merit for such a preposterous statement, if you can take the time and listen to my story you too will be enlightened by the masterpiece: Ricochet. 

Once I reached 1,200 hours, all servers seemingly went down to reveal only one remaining, the name of this server only contained one letter: G, even though such a queer disruption of my playtime was ensuing, I was blinded by the addictive desire to play Ricochet to pay any attention. It was password protected, but it didn't stop me from trying to breach into the glorious arena, I tried a series of standard passwords such as: Valve, Steam, Ricochet, etc. After a great many attempts, I sat back and thought hard on some clues, the maker of all the things I've dedicated my life to is Lord Gaben, and the server name is just “G”, it all made sense. The password must be: “Gabe Newell is GOD”... I was correct, how could I be so arrogant and stupid, it was so obvious and everybody knows God and Gaben are synonymous. 

My router began beaming my request into the entangled web and it shot back connecting me to the server, there, I sat in the goldsource downloading menu which displayed various things that were in a language beyond human comprehension. Once the seemingly endless amount of time I sat there came to an end and I was in the server, my player spawned facing my opponent. The timer rang loud while the anticipation for a glorious fight grew, the same old countdown vibrations that were hitting my ears ended and the game began. 

The other player, which possessed the absence of a player name, began his launch forwards my platform, though he was quick witted hopping from platform to platform with an ease and finesse, my raw aim and skill carried me through the entire skirmish. The points stacked up and time seemed to fade away, my mind was of nothing besides the match. Laserdisc after laserdisc, my arms grew tired, my stomach ached for more snacks, my eyes burned bright red like gems, all biological interfaces stability were now corrupting, but my soul was now even more infused with the game. My opponent no longer seemed like a stranger, I began to know him better than even myself, his play style grew into appearance and his strategical follies were now unearthed allowing me to achieve the first 1,000 points and the victory I strained myself for. 

The host timescale froze, and our characters were now stuck in a dimension absent of change, this broke my flow state and allowed me to tear my eyes away from the luminessence to just stare off into my dark room. This was a good chance to reflect on the event which had taken place just seconds ago. I knew I just finished an accomplishment, but, an accomplishment of what? It just didn’t make sense, why would something like that even happen? Is this real? Or am I in a dream? Before I could ponder my mind into its own world, a barrage of steam notifications came flying to my account, it was from the man I had just faced, his message read as so: “come look outside,” before I could even finish the message I heard a revving of a powerful engine drawing me from my shitty office chair. There he was… Gaben standing in front of his 2014 Porsche Cayman packed with a 911s engine. I was ecstatic and ran down to greet him, but before I could speak he put his hand up and spoke…

“Quiet, I know what you’re thinking, lets just go and all your questions will fade away, like shit games in Greenlight.”

We hopped in Gaben’s 2014 Porsche Cayman, packed with a 911s engine, and zoomed off to Valve Headquarters. I’m not much of a talker, and I didn’t get any more talkative sitting next to my all time hero and man whom is richer than both [i]Oprah[/i] and [i]The Don[/i], but I could tell he wasn’t much of a talker himself as we only spoke once, which was only about his car. He went into great detail about it, especially about his cars mods which he emphasized that they were “paid mods, just how they should be!”

After a couple hours passed and the smoothness of the car ride which brought me a nice nap ended, we were at the doors of Valve’s new office. I busted through the doors and was overwhelmed by all the memorabilia that poured into my senses like a nice big glass of Ruby Red Squirt. Gaben, watched me prance corner to corner in excitement from the entrance, giving a Jolly laugh reminiscent of old Saint Nic (and its rumored they are actually cut from the same bloodline); we spent all day with each other playing Source games and just chatting it up on the latest games, I really got to know the guy on a personal level which was really nice, but we knew this was just an entree to the main meal, a meal of something which was about to shock the gaming world forever.

Gaben led me to the janitors closet, that seemed rank until he pulled a secret lever disguised as a stale box of cheez-its, that opened to a lair full of hundreds of programmers and other various game designers, we walked through the legions of workers to Gaben’s Throne. From there he sat high and mighty, drawing the utmost power from it, his voice boomed across the dark den of nerd stench congratulating me on my skill…

“[b]YOU[/b]! Are the chosen one, the messiah, the man which will bring news that will change the landscape of gaming as we know it!” A giant projector dropped down from the ceiling and started beaming what would become everything my life was building up for. 

Valve’s logo blared with its eardrum piercing music, which melted in with the rest of the cacophony that displayed a timeline of Valve and its image before fading away to a new title, the title formed from all the signature intellectual properties Valve owns to read word for word one at a time: “Counter. Strike. Global. Trade.” 

And before me was a new Counter Strike game where you cant kill people or do any of the other classic things you would do in a Counter Strike game, as the game was just a fucking excel like spreadsheet meant for trading virtual fucking skins. I notice Gaben in the corner of my eye with his face making the signature look of “oh yeahhh! Check it ouuut! Ya like it?” 

Not amused one bit, Gaben’s chosen Messiah walked out of Valve’s Headquarters and hopped into the nearest Uber to shuttle his ass to the nearest state that has Assisted Suicide legalized. And while filling out my form I put the disease that was killing me was: Crippling disappointment. 

So yeah, I rate Ricochet a 1/10 because its entire purpose from the beginning was to promote a skin trading game. 

Goodbye world, this is the last thing I write as the doctor just came in with the lethal injection.
In Congress, July 4, 1776.
The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America, When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.--Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.

He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.

He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.

He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.

He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected; whereby the Legislative powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.

He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.

He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers.

He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harrass our people, and eat out their substance.

He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.

He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power.

He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:

For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:

For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:

For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:

For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:

For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury:

For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences

For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies:

For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws, and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:

For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection and waging War against us.

He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.

He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.

He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.

He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.

Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.

We, therefore, the Representatives of the United States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Decla
ricochet is nothing more than throwing frisbee at other people and jumping around 20ish tiny platforms packed in small space. other than nostalgia, i see no purpose in buying this game now, and even then you'll play it for 15 minutes and won't touch it for another decade.
Ricochet is a multiplayer Half-Life mod by Valve in 2000. It's simple. Stand on arrows aiming at a platform and kill the other players. Simple as that. The controls are exactly the same as other Valve games, except the fact CTRL doesn't let you crouch this time.

Other than that, the gameplay is almost the same as every 90s-early 2000s Valve game. The framerate again is amazing. The map is too small to be honest. I'd honestly play it more if there were more people playing the game. If the maps were more creative I'd also play even more than I already do. I'd love it if there were maps that had walls and stuff so you can't see where the other players are, making the game harder.

The character design is kind of eh. The powerups are actually really good, I love how you can combine more than 1.

The sound design here is awful. The screaming sound when you fall off of one of those areas gives me a headache. It's annoying and it hurts my ears.

This game was probably rushed but I still think it's a really fun game. I hope the game gets more active one of these days. I got it yesterday for 49 cents but the game at full price is $4.99.

I don't recommend the game if you don't want to waste money on a game nobody plays. I recommend it if you find an active server. It's quite fun.

Final score: 60%

As I said, it was rushed, sound design is awful, character design wasn't that great, nobody plays it too much, maps aren't creative, and that's all I didn't like about this game. I think it had a potential and it still is a really fun game. If you want to buy it though, I recommend buying it during a sale or something. I got it for 49 cents which is a pretty cheap price. So yeah, I don't recommend it...but I do if you happen upon a server. So, I'm divisive with this one... Thanks for reading the review!
This game has the same controls and bug as any valve game before 2004 excluding the half life games. the bug where you cant look around using your mouse and it jitters back in place. the map is way too small and nobody plays this anymore. DO NOT get this game unless youre getting it with the valve pack. If you do buy this on its own i feel sorry for you as you wasted 4 pound on this when you coulda got it in a pack for free.
