DO NOT GET THIS VERSION

Alien swarm: Reactive drop is also free.. its this game plus alot more content. there is no reason this is still up on steam.. all the new players are funneled into this old outdated version and its stupid..upvote this review to the top please.. thanks
Possibly the best product Valve has ever pushed out. Ditched with the saddest excuse saying the game was just to test their free to play system.

A game which could have had endless amounts of content, updates, and a huge playerbase.

Not to mention the use of .vpk files instead of .bsp which made them not download-able directly from the server and required installing them via third party like old school mods which made the modding community very weak.

Lack of updates and the game eventually died.. in the hands of its creator.

9/10
I'm surprised by how actually good this game is. There's a lot of depth and variety in the gameplay. Coop is great, too bad there's only one official campaign. I know there's a lot of custom campaigns too but would be nice to have more official maps. Oh, did I mention it's free? FREE!
I got it for free.
Downloaded it for free.
Played it for free.
Leveled up for free.
Got all the gear for free.
Reset my level to get a Prestige badge for free.
Died for free.
Got good for free.
Speedran a few levels for free.
Beat a level on the highest difficulty for free.
Recommended the game for free.
This is a very good and fun game to play with your friends!
- Very good gameplay
- A lot stuff to unlock
- Only one campaign but you can download maps made ​​by the community
- It's free!

8/10*
A game that is better than many sad excuse of AAA titles. Just hope that someday, one day Valve will realise that this game had much more possibility and decide to release more content, more extra charge or not. Personally I can fork $25 for extra content for this game and I'm sure many players share the same sentiment as me.

Axios!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?

Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop has been released!!! 
It is this game 
+ more weapons
+ more enemies
+ more maps
+ more marines
+ more graphics
+ more active servers
+ more FREE TO PLAY!!!

Go play this instead, it is made by the same people (sort of)
[u][b]-Quick Review-[/b][/u]
Alien Swarm is a Top-Down shooter with emphasis on multiplier teamwork with four total players. Alien Swarm was developed by Valve and released mid 2010. Many of the initial players were lured to the game by the lure of an Alien hat you can unlock via an achievement on Alien Swarm.


[u][b]-Detailed breakdown review-[/b][/u]
[b]Story:[/b] You are a member of a team of space troopers who are investigating the circumstances of a seemingly abandoned/evacuated space colony, and trying to recover whatever data is still available.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=511844225

[b]Gameplay:[/b] Alien Swarm is played from a top-down shooter angle from a 60 degree camera angle, you move your cursor to aim, and can simultaneously walk any direction using the keyboard keys.
Some people have dedicated servers for Alien swarm, however most people will simply host a game from their computer, your latency will depend on the hosts internet settings and physical location.
As you succeed or fail missions you will gain experience, this experience is put towards your level, when you level you unlock new weapons, armor, and tools. There are 25 potential weapons that can be chosen from, including special weapons like sentry guns.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=511844179

[b]Achievements:[/b] There are 66 achievements on Alien Swarm, after your first level you will get a good grasp of the different achievement difficulties, at the time that I'm writing this review, I've earned 53 achievements, most of which were earned either grinding by myself [i](by using a console command, it's possible to play solo online)[/i], or joining small groups online or playing with a friend occasionally.
There are two types of tough achievements: Beat the game on the hardest difficulties, and speed run achievements, both of these require a fairly coordinated group of players to work together and know what they're doing.

[b]Price:[/b] The best part about Alien Swarm is that it's completely free! This is probably because the project was scrapped after the first campaign. It's nice that this game is free, but I would have preferred to pay for the game if it had a single player mode and more campaigns.
The good news is Alien Swarm was released with an “Alien Swarm software development kit” which is also free, so the Steam Community could create their own campaigns! Second best thing to the original dev's picking up the project again.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=511844204

[b]Conclusion:[/b] Story: forgettable, but this game is more about the experience then the story narrative. Gameplay: addicting, fun, best to play with friends. Achievements: Many are soloable, you're better off with a group of pug players the easiest difficulty is your best bet if you want to learn the game. Not an easy 100% completed game. Price: Completely free to play.
I love this game, even if it's free to play.  I've enjoyed playing this game in between playing other games more vigorously.  I recommend this game to anyone who wants a change of pace from the "status quo" of games out there. "This game will specifically appeal to gamers who enjoy dungeon crawlers, third person shooters, and alien kill grinding.
------Edits and updates------
Edit/Update May 30, 2015:
spelling, grammar, and punctuation fixes, thanks Angfucious! :)
Great free game, i got a little addicted to this when it was first released. The game is almost dead now so if you wish to play and get the achievements i'd recommend getting 3 players off your friends list and do it with them. You can download maps made by the community for a change of pace and quickly get the grinding achievements.
Great game.  I love the 3D isometric view (Diablo 2 style, but 3D), the team aspect, diferent weapons, upgradeable players/equipment, etc.  Download it now, and play a game with me!  And join The Big Bug Resistance group...we're taking it back!
This is a really fun game !
The only negative aspect is that it's so short (1 Campaign).
This is really a gem !   
In my wildest dream Valve would create either "Alien Swarm 2; The forgotten lands" or come up with a few more campaing for this one.  
It is really a great game !
A mixture of Aliens and Starship Troopers and definitely best f2p co-op top-down shooter I've ever played. This is how Aliens: Colonial Marines should have looked like, no joking.
As others said, this game is good, and although devs kinda stoped working on it (because they don't eat for free), i thank that the game is still available to play :D.

Mates, if you say "only one campaign" or "game is short", I highly recommend to play "fan made" campaigns. Try the old school: search google + "alien swarm maps", not that hard

put the .vpk in "...\Steam\steamapps\common\Alien Swarm\swarm\addons"
a few examples of good maps:
paranoia_full_version
as_arctic-infiltration
research7

the rest see reviews or try them yourself
I've played Alien Swarm quite a bit already and I gotta tell you it's awesome. The default campaign is already loads of fun to do with friends, and with the different difficulties you can really make yourself struggle. I think it's most fun to play with friends while communicating over TS/Ventrilo, but playing it with randoms is fun as well! There are a huge number of custom campaigns out there which are really nice. The controls are nice and there are no real downsides to this game. 

This game is free anyway so why not give it a shot?
I used to play it with my friends some time ago.
A great sci-fi action co-op game!
If you have some friends willing to get in action and you like all that "UFO-PEWPEW-LAZERS", then there's no possibility of not loving this game!
I really like how they dealt with character development, where you can level up and achieve better weapons or items, which are big help and fun of course.

And yeah, i think that this game is [b]underrated as HELL[/b]! It brought me and my friends tons of fun. 

Giving it 8,5/10!
First of all, this game is great and free!
So at least give it a try yourself.

It's a great coop based game. To take the best out of the game you have to work together and play your part in the mission.
The official campain is great fun and you can play it over and over again, trying different ways to beat it.
Join ASB, Riflemod or chickenscoop servers to have even more variation in Alienswarm.

Sadly, this game does not have a workshop. That means you have to manually install map packs when you want to play other maps than the default 7.

To get most of the game with additional settings, pvp modes, 8 player coop, new weapons, challanges and pre installed maps get Reactive Drop. Though make sure to join the official RD-group for scheduled events.
[h1] Overview [/h1] 

Alien Swarm is a game with a unique and interesting backstory to how it came to be. Sporting a top-down camera with an adjusted 60 degree view and set in a sci-fi realm, Alien Swarm arms you and up to three additional friends for some seriously fast-paced shooting and survival combat.

For those unaware of the history of Alien Swarm, it was created from a mod from Unreal Tournament 2004 by a team that was hired and supported by Valve. Originally, the game was produced by Valve, but unlike some of the more popular titles such as Counter-Strike, Team Fortress or the Half-Life series, it never really got the focus and recognition that the others did. In fact, there is only one official campaign in the entire game, called “Jacob’s Rest”, which is comprised by only a handful of levels. However, that does not necessarily detract from the overall appeal of the game. 

An obvious downside to playing Alien Swam, as mentioned, is the one solo campaign. Within the confines of this one mission, your task is to land on a colonized planet, investigate what happened, exterminate all hostile alien lifeforms and rescue any survivors. 

You’re given a choice between four classes: “Officer” – your primary gunner who earns passive damage and resistance bonuses as well as unique weaponry unique to only them, the “Medic” who heals teammates, the “Tech” who can deploy sentries, hack systems, weld doors with incredible speed and can carry class-specific grenades and auto rifles, and lastly, the “Special Weapons” which boasts massive damage output. Within these classes are 40 different equipment pieces that you can select based on your class, play style and need, making customization fairly simple and streamlined.

The game, as mentioned above, as a major drawback: that one campaign. However, the game included the software development kit [SDK], which, for those not familiar with the term, is the source code to it, allowing for full-scale modding and customization. This spawned a vibrant modding community that has made some truly fantastic campaigns to play, keeping Alien Swarm alive and well with new content and challenges. With the SDK included, users can play any of the user-created content, create their own or modify ones to their liking or specifications.

With all that said and as with other Valve products, Alien Swarm has a smooth multiplayer interface, full overlay support and integrated invitation options to invite your friends. While playing solo is fun in its own right, the game really shines when playing with a group of four, invoking the need for communication, teamwork and support of everyone involved; make no mistake, Alien Swarm can be extremely punishing.

A variety of difficulties, friendly fire penalties, tight corridors and waves of aliens means Alien Swarm will test both your reflexes, intuition and ability to work together as a team. Don’t get cocky, because when you die the game will freeze and slow motion capture your painful, premature death and let you know who killed you. So if you’re use to blaming your “friendly” fire on glitches, your friend or the enemies, the game will most certainly be there to call out your transgressions for all to see.

With consistent statistical data being tracked outside the game [much like other Valve titles], Alien Swarm provides an in-depth look at what classes you excel at, what weapons you prefer, your accuracy and how many times you sabotaged the mission with excessive friendly fire and much more. It becomes a handy tool when deciding who you want to complete some of the more excruciatingly difficult achievements the game has to offer. 

Alien Swarm is one of those games I feel should really be re-examined because what is here, is wonderful. Smooth level design, crisp features, class customization, full source code and level design and a great atmosphere make it a great game to play for newcomers and veterans alike. There’s a severe amount of untapped potential within Alien Swarm. Did I mention, it is free?


[h1] Pros [/h1] 

[list]
[*] It’s free so there’s no risk involved. Try it!
[*] Solid multiplayer and co-op support
[*]Responsive firing mechanics
[*] Class variances make each class important in their own way
[*] SDK support for complete editing and modding support. Make your own campaigns!
[/list]

[h1] Cons [/h1] 

[list] 
[*] The original campaign is the only one that was introduced with the game, making the starting content lacking and the downloading of mods necessary to fully enjoy this title and increase its replayability. 
[/list]

Overall, Alien Swarm is often overlooked by other Valve titles. While the consensus among fans is that it is a worthy title to sit down and play, many people might not be familiar with it or know how it came to be. As more and more titles are being released every day, Alien Swarm still stands as something worth playing, even after all these years. Seriously, get out, recruit some friends and go blast some aliens. You won’t regret it.
I was expecting the game to be clunky, laggy, and look bad. I was terribly wrong. The game looks, runs, and plays really well. Extremely fun. 

My only question is if there's a single campaign or if there's more. Either way, a fair amount of replayability before it burns out. I'd definitely try it if you haven't yet.
This is actually a really fun co-op game! 


Top-down view, simple controls, satisfying gunplay. 

You have different classes to choose from (each with their own skills and progression) and you mainly just shoot things or weld doors shut in order to keep the aliens out as you navigate your way through simple levels, which are strung together to a kind of campaign. 

It's not an easy game, you will have to work together at least a little bit to get through. The pacing is good - from frantic running through corridors to sweaty 'horde'-style defense or crucial objectives... 

It's FREE, and it's FUN.
[i]In my opinion one of the best games from Valve Software.[/i]

Play as one out of [b]four classes[/b] (officer, soldier, medic or tech) in your [b]favourite version[/b] (bonus for speed or bonus for strength) with 3 other players to finish the campaign that contain [b]7 consisted missions[/b]. Use any weapon from the [b]collection of over 30 guns[/b] to destroy the horde and save the universe (and your own life). [b]Gain achievements[/b] for kiling swarms and repeat the campaign to [b]beat time record[/b]... and repeat... and repeat... and do it as many times until you get bored, because there's only one campaign in the game.

[b]IMPORTANT INFO: You need at least 2 players in lobby to start the match[/b], but the game is F2P so I hope it won't be a problem to invite your friend. Just [b]watch out for friendly fire[/b] and everything should be alright.
You play online with friends slaying those pesky aliens, pew pew!
It's free.
Coop with friends, 2 to 4 players, teamwork is the key!
Oh and it's free.
Shitload of weapons, achievements, too bad the campaign is short!
Did I already mention it's F***ING FREE ?
Great and free. Better than the paid-for Alien games. The 4 player co-op can be intense. Good character leveling/tiny RPG elements and many, many weapons which are actually useful. Only bad thing is the story is pretty short and the actions stay the same during all reruns. But oh well, if you download custom maps you can enjoy it....... forever.
One of the greatest Games on Steam, really a shame Valve left it with only 1 campaign and no Updates.
An Update including the Map Pack 1.2 would be great for example.
Alien Swarm is proof of Valve's willingness to allow their IP's the experience of rotting to death for their own personal gain via staff resource redistribution.  Forget Half-Life 3; if this excellent game could only get a single 15-minute campaign, then there's no more hope for the niche fanbase of Valve's bygone excellence.
[h1]A great fun and free 4 player co-op top down shooter[/h1]

Pros:

+Free 
+4 player Co-op
+Varying levels of difficulty
+Levels and gameplay are entertaining
+Great atmosphere for fans of alien games
+Good amount and variation of weapons and equipment
+8 playable characters, each with their own pros and cons
+4 different roles/classes that encourage tactical team play

Cons:

-Story itself is not good
-Not a lot of people play the game
-A lot of players only play for a TF2 hat
-Harder difficulties can be insanely tough
-Achievements to get but are not easy, hard to 100%
-Very short game, 7 levels or so and they are not that long

Download Size: 2045mb
Achievement Difficulty: Very hard to 100%
Hours to 100%: 50+

Rating: 8/10
Recommendation: Highly recommended, even better since its free

My Opinion:

Despite the low player count on this game I highly recommend getting the game and playing it, I'd advise bringing friends if you can but you can still find others playing. The game is short but offers a good amount of entertainment and alien killing action. And being free you have nothing to lose.
Why steam hasn't milked the f*ck out of this instant classic, we'll never know. I would gladly pay 20$ for a few more maps. And I would pay another 20$ for custom characters or stats to level up. 

I was very happy to find other people still enjoying this game. I think there is also a greenlight project to get more levels, vote for it!
If you are looking for an action shooter with team cooperation where mindless running will get you killed this is a game for You. On most dificulties the games enemies coming in waves enforce cooperation. Fireing lanes start to matter and even when you are not on point but securing the back You feel like Your job matters. 

The game offers 8 marines to pick from. A pair of each of 4 archetypes. The medic, whos main role is to heal any damage and cure infestations. The Autogunner whos there to push the group forward or to set up supressing fire defending the group. The demolitions marine is best suited to dealing with heavier targets with the use of flamethrowers, mines grenades fire traps and the mean end of a shotgun. Finaly theres the technician for those who want to make the missions easier by welding doors and hacking security and objectives. 

Individual skill is rewarded with all of these archetypes without the loss of sense of benefiting from the teamwork of entire group. 

The setting pays hommage to classic movies and games of the alien franchise yet remains its own kind of alien style with a bit more arcade look. The topdown camera gives a more tactical feel for the gameplay in comparission to first person. Each marine has his own quips and oneliners, and character. 

Since its free i cannot see how you wouldnt recommend it.
Alien Swarm

About a thousand hours spent in-game. Met the most decent
folks. Enjoyed every bit of it. Alien Swarm is completely free and
worth more than a good part of my backlog put together. 

If you haven't tried it already and you like top-down 
real time tactics. I highly recommend giving it a try.

There are always some dedicated servers with some
people playing. There's an active modding community,
and ingenious maps still being added to the game. 

Be aware, you might need some hundred hours 
to wash the addiction out of your system. It took
me about five times that amount. And I still find
jumping back in every now and then.


//edit:
-------
Some of the most dedicated folks from the community
are also working on a huge mod that has been recently
greenlighted, in case you long for more and haven't
stumbled over it:
http://store.steampowered.com/app/563560

//edit:
-------
For all your Alien Swarm needs regarding Maps, Modifications and archived
Information, you can go to https://sites.google.com/site/swarmaddons/
My God, 
This is a really good game back in the day.
The problem is that it was too short, but for a free game, who cares?
Pure co-op fun, it is easy to learn, has a shipload of weapons, every one of them with a specific purpose and an almost infinite number of builds, where most of the time you have to run against the clock.
It's a shame the community has almost vanished now, but if you have 2-3 friends who would like to test it, go ahead, I recommend.
Great game. Shame they didn't make additional maps and more content for it.   That being said, I would have paid money for this game, but instead it was FREE!   So, it was fun while it lasted. 

When I played this game I had a great time. Hope the community comes back when the fps mod comes out. Wish this had workshop and if it did it would still be played constantly to this day.
Probably the best TRUE free game on Steam, and a great game overall. 
ASB2.org community and servers are a great way fo find excellent teammates and gameplay advices.
Solid community made maps and mods.
WEEK OF HOLIDAYS ON ALIEN PLANET

Free action game with the mode of cooperation in the style of the classic Alien Breed. The players are soldiers of various specializations who must break through levels full of dangerous monsters. Production requires coordination between the participants of fun, because there is always a lot of enemies and the various stages are bringing more and more of tough challenges.
This game is hardcore oldschool skill based shooter. There is no mercy for people without eye/hand coordination.  
You must think about health,ammo,friendly fire,being infested and many more. Normal mode is good for start. Real fun start when you are aware of enemy types and know how to counter them as a TEAM. Yes you can solo in this game but... the real fun of squad based shooters begin when you cover your mates and act your role :) 

Lots of weapons and additional equipment make this game fun as hell when you try diffrent configurations. 

Have fun even if it not too long. 

MapPack is avaiable to download :)
A free-to-play online experience in an infected military base. A good game, with good mechanics and requiring some team-working and strategy. Don't play it alone and bring your friends !
[b]Positives[/b]
It's free.
You kill alien bugs.
Replayability with different weapons, and characters, or difficulties.
Achievements make you feel like you achieved something. (Hah)

[b]Negatives[/b]
Died again!
Again!
Gah!
Go all the way over to a nuclear warhead, prime said warhead for explosion, and then die because one of your team mates decided to weld a door to block your path.

11/10, best teamwork I've ever seen.

But no, seriously, [b]play this game NOW,[/b] it needs players something fierce.
A very enjoyable game. Had loads of fun playing with friends. Sadly, nobody really plays it nowadays.
Has very short missions. No need to worry, download other player made maps! The game is hard to master, has very, very brutal difficulty levels.
Alien Swarm is a fantastic, top down co-op shooter which deserves more recognition than it got. While it only has a short campaign (which can be played with up to four friends), there are many addon campaigns and mods online, which make a substantial difference to the experience.

Best played with friends, there is still an active community around this game, so finding other players shouldn't be too difficult. The standard campaign provides decent challenge and entertainment, especially when you increase the difficulty.

Best part? Its completely free... you have nothing to lose by giving it a try.
One of the best F2P co-op games you could get on steam for the last 10 years, good times.

+Source engine
+Tons of monsters
+Various ways to beat the game
+Incredible difficulties
+FREE
-Online is pretty much dead now, its close to impossible to get a team to beat levels on Brutal difficulties

Cool game, even so it's a multiplayer oriented game, you can beat pretty much all levels alone
Not only has this game been the reason that i met one of the greatest guys i know. it has also provided me with hours of entertainment!

-Loads of servers
-Nice range of difficulty settings(not just easy, medium or hard) you can have very varied games!
-a game that makes repetitiveness fun and enjoable
-A rewarding leveling system
-a great selection of weapons 
-(my fav XD) a mini map at the end of every mission that you can draw on......where everyone decides that a huge dick is the right thing to do
Started playing this game for the [i]Team Fortress 2[/i] hat. Didn't stop playing. Couldn't stop playing. Hands down, the best free game on Steam, ladies and gentlemen, brought to you by none other than Valve.
Free, fun, cooperative & challenging. Can't go wrong with this is you have a group of friends. It’s like an old-school top down shooter with some pretty interesting features. (Puzzles, hacking computers)

Has a really light progression system along with some cool unlocks. Recommended if you’re looking for something light and casual to play with friends. 

Interesting top-down shooter that is free to play for all Steam users, uses the Source Engine 2010.  Based on the movie Aliens.

Alien Swarm is a top-down shooter set at a 60-degree angle. Four players can join a single co-operative game, the aim of which is to progress through science fiction-themed levels while eliminating waves of AI aliens. Players can choose from 40 different pieces of equipment. 

The game is class-based, with players choosing from the roles of Officer, Special Weapons, Medic, and Tech. Each class has two selectable characters, with differences in abilities. 

Officer = 
Grants a passive bonus to damage and damage resistance to nearby allies. He has access to the Vindicator, a class-restricted shotgun with an incendiary grenade launcher and has general all-around abilities. They are also capable of throwing extra amounts of explosive ordnance, and may find class-restricted ammo caches on the field for his Vindicator shotgun. The two playable characters are Sarge and Jaeger.

Special Weapons =
Brings raw damage to the table and starts out with a customized autogun with superior parameters, high magazine capacity, and auto-aiming ability. The Special Weapons gains access to a powerful minigun at a high enough level, and can pick up class-restricted ammo caches on the field. The two playable characters are Wildcat and Wolfe.

Medic= 
Is the only class able to equip and deploy temporary healing beacons, and at a high enough level can use a medigun to selectively heal teammates and themselves. The two playable characters are Faith and Bastille.

Tech =
Carries a motion sensor, sets up sentry guns faster, welds doors faster, and is the only class capable of unlocking certain door panels or completing certain objectives by means of a hacking minigame. They also have access to a prototype assault rifle with auto-aiming capabilities and the ability to fire stun grenades. The two playable characters are Crash and Vegas.

 The game includes persistent statistics, unlockable equipment, and Steam Achievements.

for more info:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I71N70PLDk0

http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/alien-swarm

http://www.destructoid.com/review-alien-swarm-179900.phtml

http://www.ign.com/games/alien-swarm/pc-744670
In a gist, it's a fun top down action game that eschews stats and loots for a more tactical and visceral experience. The core of the game is planning your route through the campaign and mowing down hordes and hordes of aliens as you and your friends are barely hanging on to life. Sweet.

Some things in Alien Swarm that I would love to see in other games of this genre:
- Shared map where you can all plan your route. 

- Minimal loot, minimal stats, focus is on loadouts and interesting effects (freezing, burning, electricity etc.). Going through loot is tedious when all you are doing is increasing DPS.

- That climatic end. Believe me, if you don't spoil yourself by playing on a lower difficulty, the finale is worth the wait.

- The tactical nature of the game. The game gives you a lot of tools and weapons. Bar the door, and the alien has to spend time smashing through it. Lay a wall of fire and watch the hordes melt before your eyes. But all the defenses are temporary, and the aliens can and will overpower/overrun them. You and your friends have to plan properly to use your limited resources for victory. Some of my favorite moments in this game is defending a point while hordes and hordes of aliens stream in from everywhere. All the defenses and traps we laid are exhausted but we do manage to pull through.

On top of that, with friendly fire on, you really have to plan things out so you don't end up shooting each other. You even lose ammo if you reload early! That's a feature that's missing on a lot of games. 

There are some cool things in this game borrowed from third person shooters, like crouching (for cover) and calculating line of sight so you don't hit obstacles/the floor/the wall. Definitely makes the game feel more "grounded" and adds to the tactical layer, although I honestly don't remember if I ever used crouch.

Get some friends, play on brutal (yes, from the beginning), and have fun.
for a free game, this is one incredibly fun sci-fi creation, building on steam's co-op capabilities, which gives it immersive replay value, making it an awesome return-back platform. given its free access to the game's sdk, enriches the experience even further, adding various creative production of new game content based on valve's source engine.

what would u need more from a top-down squad-based shoot 'em up action game? valve did a great job piercing to gamers globally with this free content.
Alien Swarm is a game forgotten by both Valve as it's developer and the community. A game that had potential, but comes out just feeling unfinished. The concept is good enough, but it probably got canceled and someone just decided that it would be shame to leave it, and put up what they had at that time. And well, if it wasn't good enough, people didn't like it enough for it to become good thanks to the community.

The only thing that truly keeps this game alive, if you can even call it alive, is the fact it's fully Free to Play. No payment on Steam, no microtransactions, nothing. You can join the fray at any time and see what they got in store for you. However, it still features a level system - the more and the better you play, the bigger level you are and the better equipment you get.

This unlocks one of the games biggest advantages - a very smart equipment system. You can choose between four classes, with two characters for each, both with completely different playstyles. Then you get to choose your equipment, two weapons and a utility. Of course, all four of the classes have access to equipment available only to them, as well as access to certain shared equipment. For example, the Medic is the only one capable of carrying the Medikit or the Medigun, the Commander is the only one capable of carrying shotgun, the Engineer is the only one capable of carrying a rifle with autoaim etc. The game then features more than 40 weapons and about 15 utilities (if i recall correctly). This allows you to play the game differently every time, but thanks to the level system, certain weapons will always be better than others, even though the game does try to balance them out.

The gameplay is then based around a co-op mode for four players. You (and hopefully a team you can trust) are sent to a colony gone dark to investigate, and *drum roll* fight off aliens there *badumm tshhhhh*. However, you are alone. So you need to conserve ammunition, use medkits and cooperate while holding off the bugs in order to survive, and fulfil objectives along the way. All in a top-down Source game. That means the SDK makes the maps quite interesting, counting in things like fire, liquids or destructible enviroment, even some in-game animation parts along the way. This all creates a feeling of being swarmed and overrun, yet deeply dedicated to ending the mission succesfully and without casualities. Talking about casualities, it's worth noting that there's friendly fire ON by default. Watch it.

Probably the most notable change is the Source SDK here. If a big community would be on... millions of maps. IT's just that easy to make them. Tile based creation and Source modelling = Map. I tried it out myself, it took me exactly 76 minutes to recreate the first level. It's just sad it is not used.

Also please note that Win 8 is not supported by this game. It will run after you install it, but Win 8 will screw up it's files and you'll have to reinstall sooner or later.

As to my recommendation, I can say that this is a game you will enjoy at first, and then become disappointed by later. Play at your own risk.
I used to play this game a lot a couple of years ago, and I can tell you from experience that this game is extremely fun. However, I recommend that you download Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop instead of this one. Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop has everything that this game has, as well as additional things, such as.

- 8 player co-op.

- A lot more campaigns.

- More weapons and items.

- Steam Workshop support.

- PVP game modes.

- Singleplayer.

- More alien types.

- A larger playerbase.

Overall, I would recommend playing this game (Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop) if you love smashing aliens with your friends.

Here is the link to Reactive Drop, if you are interested. http://store.steampowered.com/app/563560/Alien_Swarm_Reactive_Drop/

This is how i discovered this game
(me): wanted hats for tf2
(guide:) you need to complete 2 missions of alien swarm
(me:) "clicks download"
1 HOUR LATER
(me:) completes 2 missions
(me): finds hat on TF2
keeps playing dis game

SO i really loved this game but not many people play it and there should be more game modes
here are my suggestions:

survival: stand off the alien horde
escape: run from the aliens
plant the bomb: run into the horde while your freinds deafen i mean defend you
bughunt: hunt the boss aliens whilst tackling its freinds
Bit disappointing that there is still no Linux port to this old gem, but that being said it is a gem I tend to revisit every now and again. Playing with friends over mumble (or equivalent) is obviously the most fun, but even random match ups works really well due to UI and map layouts. Graphics and sound hold up well after the years as well.

5/7 - would recommend!
At least you get a free game without micro transactions in it, so don't have anything to loose by trying, right :)
Extremely good top-down shooter free game with up to 4 player co-op (or bots, but they suck). Harder difficulties and speed runs give you quite a challenge. 4 different classes to choose from: Officer that gives buff as leadership, Special Weapons for heavy guns, Medic to heal yourself and allies, and a tech to hack doors and computers. Enjoyed playing it co-op and doing the achievements.
I feel bad that people don't play this game anymore,if Valve made it a first person shooter it would probably be a lot more popular.But atleast you can make it first person with some console commands.Good game! ;)
[h1] One of the best top down shooters I have ever played[/h1]
 
 
I loved Alien Swarm, it's a great co-op game in which team work really matters.
 
Although the question is, will you love Alien Swarm? Let discuss some of the features the game offers.
 
 
[list]
[*][b][u]Graphics[/u]-[/b] Seeing as Alien Swarm came out in 2010 I think the graphics have aged really well and the game still looks good in todays world. The game looked realistic enough, it is what you would expect as a Source Engine game.
 

[*][b][u]Gameplay[/u]-[/b] I did go into this expecting it to be a little on the clunky side, but I was very wrong. The game flows very well with the perfect mix of intense action and calmer parts.I felt as if the a few of the default controls were pretty poor, as in the equipment, often times a grenade or mine was binded to "1". I quickly rebinded that. As you would expect from a Source game every key can be changed. The game has a good level up system that allows you to unlock new weapons and equipment for every level. Health and ammo is balanced very well, and by balanced I mean there is not very much of it, so play it safe and only shoot when you must.
 

[*][b][u]Combat[/u]-[/b] The combat in Alien Swarm really caught me off guard, it was quite good and very lively. With the vast amounts of weapons, equipment, and classes the combat can stay fresh for longer than the game itself. There is a good amount of different types of enemys that are almost all completely different and even must be fought a with different tactics. My only gripe here is that near the end of the game the way the set-up the mass amount of big enemys it makes it so the best plan is to try and just dodge them enough to sneak right past them without using ammo.


[*][b][u]AI[/u]-[/b] For the most part Alien Swarm is leans more towards a horde type of game so enemy AI doesn't really exist the just rush you. Although the game does offer a "Offline Practice" I did not use that feature so I cannot comment on the friendly team AI.
 

[*][b][u]Story[/u]-[/b] This is where Alien Swarm really falls short in my book. I'm sure I missed a little bit of the "story" throughout the game because I was on mic with the person I was playing with but nonetheless there is not much of a narrative here. It just seemed like it was do the 3 or so objectives on the mission then escape. I love a good story and this just did not capture me at all.


[*][b][u]Replayability[/u]-[/b] So the game is fairly short with only seven missions in the campaign. Although there is a good number of different difficulties; Easy, Normal, Hard, Insane, and Brutal. Me and my buddy played through the game on hard, it truly offered the perfect amount of challenge for us. The thing is, for anything above that you would really need more than two people, and from what I understand there is not a whole lot of people playing. There is a really good amount of achievements to get throughout the game ranging from really easy to get to needing to put a stupid amount of game time in to get. I'm going to sum it up now to stop my self from rambling on, I played through the game once then uninstalled. To me the game had a lot more life to it than that but the person I played with no longer wanted to play it. 

 
[*][b][u]Value for Dollar[/u]-[/b] This doesn't really apply to a Free-to-Play game, but that means you don't have an excuse not play it.


[*][b][u]What Would I do Different or add?[/u]-[/b] Alien Swarm was a really well made game. In my mind in just lacked narrative and amount of missions. If it had that it would have been even better than it currently is.


If you have any questions or comments concerning the game or my review do not hesitate to ask!
I was looking for a game beside the most popular and came to this beauty. Challenging maps, huge amount of unlockable weapons (one more badass than the other) and lots and lots of community-made maps to keep up the fun for hours.
If you have one or two good friends and you are looking for something good to play whenever you are annoyed by the russians in dota 2 or just need to kill some alien motherf*****s, I highly recommend this game. :D

10/10 for exploding aliens
Ive only played in practise mode but I was pleasantly surprised how good this is. All I need now is some friends to play coop with. Highly recommend 10/10
Surprisingly Fun and challenging. Me and my friends got this game just to try it out thinking we would play a "crappy" game for just a day, but now were set on beating it on a hard difficulty.

I usually go in more details with my review, but honestly, just try it out. If anything, its free.
The game presents one of the best isometric coops I have ever seen. (And take in consideration that I'm writing this in July 2016). It's well thought of, dynamic, stable, and challenging. You have to actually coordinate with the team, pre select the gear, get good with the class you use, etc.

"Watch where you are shooting, shitbag" is the most common phrase you gonna hear in the voice chat. Because when shit hits the fan, everybody panics and shoots and pray. And you can shoot with a good variety of guns, and inventories are not over colmplicated.

Cons: mmhhh, the game starts right up, in a slow pace, but some mechanics are not explained at all, and in the middle of the chaos you can get confused at first with what the hell your self healing pack does, or your welder... but that's old school and cool at the same time. Not really a con. 
If I may, there's only one real con:

TOO SHORT, and no steamworkshop... what the hell? 
I could play this for years with no problem, dammit steam!
Alien Swarm is a great top-down alien coop shooter or at least a great base for one. Unfortunately, it has always felt more like someone's side project than a real Valve game seeing as how there is a single campaign consisting of six missions, barely tied together by a thin veneer of a story, Left 4 Dead style, and the game has never received much support since release. Surprisingly, there are still a couple of people playing online at any given time, so it is still possible to find someone to play with, even if Alien Swarm: Reactive Drop makes the original title somewhat obsolete with new campaigns, more settings, and fixes for many outstanding issues. The remake is not a Valve release, but I would argue that the community has done a far better job. On the other side, the remake did not seem to have anyone playing, so you might be better off playing the original, unless you have someone to play with.
I had a great time playing this game. Frankly, I didn't expect to enjoy it that much. The fact that the game itself is free makes EVERYTHING better; you don't feel forced to play it, therefore you must give it a chance if you haven't tried it yet. Nonetheless, the game has some serious issues with its population, it's almost impossible to finish the chapters on a higher difficulty --such as brutal onslaught-- if you haven't brought your 200 IQ squad with you. . Basically, it's a Third-Person Shooter with great potential and a tremendous number of possibilities of finishing any campaign. 

PROS
------

-Interactive, not (much) repetitive nor boring dead ends -- (Just like L4D2 but with aliens)
-Interesting CO-OP  (Yeah, CO-OP is the best part in this game; even though you can finish all the campaigns on single player but it's not as fun as the MP part) :).
-Hecking PISTOLS (I HECKING LIKE PLAYING WITH ZA PISTOLS,  --- the first game where I can take them as Main Weap and I'm not underpowered --  :-> )
-Squad Combo (Or something like this) There are 4 classes ; Dps , Tech , Medic , Commander. If you're bad, play a Medic and pick that healing gun or whatever is that, then kill those alien degenerates. (gg)
-Tactics;  Step 1: Play with your non-autistic friends,  Step2: Make tactics   Step3: Don't follow THE TACTICS   Step4: Become forever alone because you were playing Tech on brutal difficulty and you died at the last part (Sometimes, if Tech dies, everyone wipes). 
-Weapon Combos: Yeeeeeeah.... your squad must pick different weapons in order to finish the camapaign (For instance; Za Flammenwerfer)
-Quests, Levels 
-The Third-Person is the best aspect of the game. 

Cons
---------

-Some bugs (E.g : Aliens turn invincible,   major, annoying, TRAUMATISING glitches  (You shoot and some XXXXXXXXXXXXXesexexedsdfjkosednl; sfdg;sadg;jdajhga   jdgtjdghdftj)
-Not many people playing it ( Not many = Nobody , but hey, you have the power to change that!)
-Higher Levels are OP, whether you like it or not, a random level 30 dude can come into your room and clear the whole campaign with his hecking rocket launcher -_- )
-No  1080p :( 
-Sh*te voice chat

Overall, it's an awesome game, but play it with your friends.
