So, it's been a while now, huh? I was a kid when Half-life was released, and of course, I've played it all through, maybe a dozen times. But only now, when I'm at the half-life age myself, with wife, two kids, a job where I need to speak to people ten hours per day... I finally got it. Every day when I don't need to speak seems as a blessing. So, people, cut your jokes about mouthless Gordon. He just chose the right job. But, there is always a price...
HEY!

WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!

READING REVIEWS?!

DISREGARD ALL REVIEWS!

THIS IS HALF-LIFE!

THIS IS THE REASON THAT STEAM EXISTS IN THE FIRST PLACE!
Pros:
-I got to be a soldier, a scientist, a space warrior, a crowbar-weilding maniac, and a Ghostbuster at the same time.
-Shot nearly everything in the game, including the people trying to help me.

Cons:
-In a facility practically overflowing with deadly weaponry, only one scientist thought to actually arm himself.
-I've become deathly paranoid about laboratories. Any time I'm in one, I start checking under the tables for headcrabs.

Highly recommended.
The original Half-Life is an FPS masterpiece which kickstarted a narrative and mechanical revolution that's still ongoing in the genre to this day. 

Because of its understated, minimalist plot using environmental and gameplay-based storytelling, it's aged incredibly well and still makes for a very engaging experience. The gameplay is every bit as excellent and solid as it was all those years ago, the sound design is still phenomenal and the stylized-yet-realistic art direction makes for a look that still holds up today. Buying it also gives you access to a huge, huge quantity of great quality mods developed for the game over the course of almost 20 years, and that's definitely worth the price of admission.

But looking beyond its legacy in modding, and the standard also set by later entries in the series, Half-Life is still a remarkable game and an absolute must-have.
Thank you, For the best gaming experiences of my time.
Thank you, For meeting the best people in my life.
Thank you, For pushing me one day to be a developer.
Thank you, For helping me through my depression.
Thank you, For everything.
Do you have a PC? Do you have any interest in gaming? Then you should probably play Half-life. Half-life is one of those games that you kind of have to play before you die. It may not be the timeless masterpiece people make it out to be, but what you do get is a really lengthy game with a strong focus on singleplayer. And when you've finished the original game there's literally hundreds of mods to explore.

Full video review:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7tKUlNLL4w
Half Life is a game that shocked the gaming industry back in 1998. It might've not been the first of its kind, but it was certainly one of the best. The graphics, inferior compared to today's photorealistic games, were still amazing when it came out. 
You play as Doctor Gordon Freeman, a scientist working for the mysterious Black Mesa corporation. After discovering an alien planet known as Xen, several experiments are conducted to bring back specimens from this new world. As you come to work one day, everything is normal- except for a test involving a teleportation to Xen, and a suspicious man in a suit warning about unforseen consequences. The team ignores this, and it would cost them nearly everything. The experiment fails, and all hell breaks loose as Xen creatures teleport into the Black Mesa facility, killing anyone and anything. You wake up, during the aftermath of this event. Determined to escape, you fight your way through the facility, all the way to Xen. To find out the rest, you have to play the game. And believe me, every single second of this game is worth it.

Graphics: 19/20
Story: 18/20
Gameplay: 20/20
Replayability: 18/20
Soundtrack: 18/20
Overall: 93/100, Grade A
Half-Life is a 20 years part of my life!
Once upon a time the games were created not for the sake of money but for the love of them!
It was the time when developers who just created video games were real scientists!
And the developers of Valve Software were exactly the same!
But these times are over ... now games are created not for love but for dirty money and those who create games cannot create technologies and algorithms creating the New World! (thanks to Half-Life there is Artificial Intelligence  and phisics in other games)
And if you ask yourself what kind of game should be the first on your Steam account, that is Half-Life! 
You just have to buy it immediately and see the World through the eyes of Ph.D.Gordon Freeman! 


10/10 Parallel Worlds
I wanted to make it sooner, but I'm late, as with many things in life. 

I still remember, you know? That snowy afternoon of late '99. I was sick in bed, spewing blood after the surgery.  I could barely see things with that giant eyepatch the doctors gave me. One of the kids lined up for lunch told me there was a big event in the gaming world, something revolutionary. Well, we were little at the time, so he didnt mention "revolution", but he clearly told me it was damn awesome. I wasnt much into computer games at the time (always been a Nintendo guy). In that particular instance tho, I'd have done anything to subside the pain and boredom, so when he invited me in his room to play games I accepted. We played a bit of "On a rail" so I basically spoiled myself six or seven maps. From that day, we played almost continuously until we finished the game. Then I started it again to see what I missed. And then, a third time. 
And a fourth. ... yes, you get the idea. Half Life got me back on track; the immersion was near total, the very first time a game had given me that kind of feel. Gordon was me, and I was Gordon. The scientists interaction, the scripted sequences, the great AI and the impeccable pacing of the game made me fall in love not just with Half Life but with PC gaming entirely. It opened up a portal, if you will, on this vast and expanding world. Since its launch I have played it 320 times, and I've always had it installed in any system I purchased, and I'll always keep installing it, like a badge of pride.

But not only do I owe HL my gaming life, and a steady recovery after destiny kicked me in the face, but also my passion for creating things. Modding HL was a chore, a pleasure, a pain, a terrific prospect; it almost made me cry at night after countless times failing to compile that one map I spent days working on, but then when I succeeded I'd be the happiest kid in the world. 
I've spent years figuring things out, mastering WorldCraft, and then Hammer, and then the HL SDK and the 3D programs made to export and import SMD formats; sadly I was too late to the party to truly shine, but I can now say, I am modding HL in 2018, and I have mastered it.
To this day, I still make maps, models, textures.... stories. Half Life taught me to dream in pixels, and concretize what I want to make, what I want to tell people. Visualize, focus, manipulate, apply. Is there anything better than that? Is there truly anything more valuable than being able to produce something meaningful from your own dreams? I dont think there is.
Half Life gavve me that creative spark, set in motion a little gilmmer of hope that anyone, no matter how impaired, could still bring something to the table and be competitive \ challenging in some form or another.
So in conclusion, for me Half Life is more than a game, more than an experience, more than what the average gamer would consider a great starting point. I feel it has hit closer to home than any other game, for the simple reason that it was a whole new world to explore, and at the time I discovered it, it was all the rage with its multiple modding teams creating beauty out of nothing. It was a time of plentiful dreams to be had and many more to make. It was also a much simplier time: three people could band together and do something great, with amazing tools.
I wish the gaming industry could've stayed there a little longer. The awesomeness never seemed to end. But it did, as with all things. Now many have moved on.... but not me. At least in this little corner of the internet, I do not wish to move.
I salute you Valve, thank you for everything. As you've freezed Gordon in perpetual sleep, I will follow - figuratively speaking - for as long as Time will allow, and I'll keep the torch lit.

I am modding Half Life in 2018. Like me, many others have not yet given up. 
Keep creating, perfecting the tools that were given to us. Keep improving our modding capabilities, and allow us to express ourselves. This is our infinite canvas; as long as you'll be dreaming of new exciting adventures, we will dream with you.


What's the first thing that comes to mind, when reviewing a video game? Well, for me, it has to be the visual world that captures the core of our imaginations. And with this little gem called Half-Life, it comes as no exception that this game continues to boggle the mind and leave gamers alike wondering. There is more heart, creativity and scientific ingenuity there is in this one title than there is in most series and is arguably Valve's greatest achievement. With over 50 game awards, it's a strong justification. Half-Life isn't just one of the greatest FPS' games of all time. Half-Life isn't literally one of the best purchases you can ever get on Steam. Half-Life is quite simply, one of the greatest games ever made.

When compared to certain FPS' games in the past and todays time, which both heavily rely on long-winded cutscenes to present the main narrative of the game, Half-Life annihilates this often compulsed aspect, by detailing the plotlines that keeps the player still in control of the first-person viewpoint, leaving the cutscenes rolling while you still have full access to the gameplay and character controllability. For summarization, You will see through the eyes of Gordon Freeman at all times.

The game is a perpetual maze; leaving the player to work at tasks that involve being locked into battle and overall puzzle solving to advance through the many challenges that wait up ahead. Most of the time, the story illuminates the puzzles by the actions to proceed, such as maze scenarios and building boxes to use as staircases. Although Half-Life has short-lived loading screens from time to time after leaving a certain area for a new one, the game has no levels. But, to make up for this traditional concept, the game is split into a number of mind-boggling chapters filled with rich story and easy adaptability.

To start off with this game's story, you're none other than Gordon Freeman. A young man who holds a Ph.D in theoretical physics who starts his daily grind back at the Black Mesa Research Facility; a fictional complex that is stranded in a remote desert located in the suburbs of New Mexico. Arriving late for work yet again, you take the tram system around the Black Mesa Research Facility and at this point, objectives that his game has fulfilled such as breath-taking visuals and movie quality animation begins to blossom. The tram sequence at the beginning of the game can only be summed up in one word; Incredible. It's as if the things that come flying at you from every angle and position, almost reminiscent of watching an action-packed movie, along with the credits of the producer's names proudly fading in and out on the corner of the screen.

As you make your first step in the heavily secured facility, you're constantly reminded that you put on your Hazardous Environmental suit, or the H.E.V suit for short. While all things are hunky-dory, those things soon turn to the worst very soon. After a failed experiment, involving a collision between a rare intergalactic specimen from another dimension with an Anti-Mass Spectrometer, the Black Mesa facility falls in ruins, meaning you are one of the only key survivors of the infamous ''Black Mesa Incident''. And with this, alien life-forms from the dimension of ''Xen'' are pulled from their dimension into ours and are running amok the ruined facility, along with the Army that storm the place after the gone, haywired facility's emergency call has been echoed. This of course doesn't make things any easier and you soon find yourself battling both the aliens and the military.

While there isn't exactly much to complain about, I would admit that guiding the chickened-out scientists and professors around the facility can be quite a pain now and again due to some seldom poor AI programming, as well as the alien life-form, Vortigaunt, from which you would have to wait and be patient for them to wreck down wooden doors in front of you, as you are not capable of doing that yourself. (You do start off with a crowbar, right?) As well as I'm probably not the only one who made the same mistake by killing them through a small opening, before they did in fact begin to tear down the doors. But then again, this is where the used scripted intermissions started to show, so that's an added bonus to the magnitude of the game.

For the long run, I've had fun and joy both reviewing this amazing game and playing this amazing game. If you haven't play Half-Life or even worse, not familiar with Half-Life, it's still a big compulsory  recommendation from me.
[h1]TL:DR? See Conclusion[/h1]

[h1]NOTE 1: Related Content[/h1]
Also see my:
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/220]Half-Life 2 Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/50]Half-Life: Opposing Force Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/130]Half-Life: Blue Shift Review[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/miyumiayase/recommended/362890?tscn=1431108183]Black Mesa Review[/url]

[h1]NOTE 2:[/h1]
I review games to help fellow gamers decide whether they should purchase a game or not.  With that said, although I consider Half-Life as a classical MASTERPIECE and possibly one of the greatest games of all time, I will still list down game mechanics from the past that some people may not enjoy today.

Think of it like this: everyone enjoys flying modern-day commercial jets like the 747, but it doesn't mean however that everyone would like to fly in a DC-3 built in the 1940s despite it being labeled as the 'most significant transport aircraft' in history.

[h1]INTRODUCTION:[/h1]
Half-Life is a narrative-driven linear first-person shooter (FPS) action game and is the debut (and signature) title of Valve.  Hailed as one of the greatest games of all time winning dozens of awards on release, Half-Life revolutionized the FPS genre in a way that no other title has done since Wolfenstein 3D, Doom and Quake. This game has since been the industry standard on how to make a perfect FPS game which combines realistic gameplay, fun puzzles mechanics, a narrative-driven single-player experience with fast-paced multiplayer action.

The game follows the story of Gordon Freeman, a theoretical physicist working for the Black Mesa Research Facility that is involved in Weapons Development, Research on Teleportation Technology and occasional cloning of a Security Guard named Barney Calhoun.  When an experiment with an unknown alien crystal results in a catastrophic accident that opened a portal to an alien dimension named 'Xen', Gordon Freeman, wearing the H.E.V. Suit, must now travel across the entire Black Mesa facility to reach the Lambda Complex where he must enter a portal to Xen and kill the creature that is keeping the portal open for the alien invaders. Fight against Invading alien monsters and, at the same time, US Military operatives who are attempting to stop the invasion but is also trying to silence any surviving 'witnesses' of the Black Mesa incident.

[h1]LEGACY OF HALF-LIFE (PROS):[/h1]
+ First FPS game to fully incorporate a Narrative-Driven story (as opposed to the industry standard of maze gallery shooters which was the Wolfenstein 3D / Doom mechanic)
+ Excellent level designs
+ Realistic combat mechanics (may be not as realistic now in 2015, but 17 years ago it was)
+ Fun puzzles
+ Great sound effects
+ First FPS game to incorporate scripted sequences for its level transitions rather than cut-scenes
+ Relatively advanced AI (back in 1998), with enemies actively dodging, tactically retreating and often times baiting you into an ambush.
+ Fun fast-paced multiplayer action that set the foundations for Counter-Strike which started as a mere mod of Half-Life
+ Mods; although Half-Life is not the first video game to be modded, it is the first to have several such mods become their own full games that still retain their Half-Life heritage
+ Challenging difficulty modes (but this is a given since most old-school shooters were challenging)

[h1]OLD GAME MECHANICS THAT NEW GENERATION OF GAMERS MAY NOT LIKE (CONS):[/h1]
- Perpetual sprint with optional walking by pressing “Shift” (as opposed to today's standard which is the reverse)
- No objective tracker (players may forget what they were doing especially if they haven't played in a while)
- Melee weapon needs to be equipped rather than bound to a hotkey (though CS:GO players won't have a problem with this)

[h1]CONCLUSION:[/h1]
[b][u]MASTERPIECE[/u][/b] is the only word that best describes Half-Life in my opinion.  Although some of its mechanics may not necessarily be applicable in today's (2015) standard, the same can still be considered as part of its charm, much like how most of us still enjoy watching old-school movies and TV shows.

[h1]WORTH IT?:[/h1]
[b]MUST BUY AND MUST HAVE[/b]. I, however, do recommend you purchase the Half-Life Anthology if you already have Half-Life 2 but if you don't have it, get Half-Life Complete.

[h1]ADDITIONAL INFO (Not necessary for the review):[/h1]
The advent of Half-Life was a turning point in gaming history, most notably, the First-person shooter genre.  Before this game, the only FPS standard to be followed was Wolfenstein 3D, Doom and Quake, with the first two being plotless maze shooters and Quake being the first to implement a backstory but still retained the maze-like levels. With Half-Life, developers saw a potential for FPS games to combine intense action and gunplay with effective narrative story-telling through leniar levels (which is heavily abused by some FPS games today) and realistic game mechanics (a title, which most people agree, was held by the Metal Gear Solid franchise, a third-person action game)

Let’s put this in an analogy: Wolfenstein 3D is the Wheel (basically invented the mainstream FPS genre), Doom is the Horse-Drawn Carriage (Doom made FPS games extremely popular, accessible and widespread), Quake is the Steam Engine (Quake bridge the gap between plotless maze shooters and  plot driven FPS games [i]Credit: Steam User RGX12 for pointing this out[/i]) and Half-Life is the Ford Model T Car (Half-Life set the standard for modern day FPS games who's basic and essential features still survives today.)

--------------------------------------------------------- 
[h1]Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:[/h1]

[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/]Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)[/url]
Pure Nostaglia!

This game started it all. From the "Hail Lord Gaben" to "Half Life 3 confirmed?" to the memes about "what would happen if Gordon Freeman would've talked" to the countless fan-made movies, mods, art and so much more! This game put Valve on the map with a big star.

You are scientist Gordon Freeman, working at the Black Mesa Research Facility (In our world consider it to be the science-fiction version of Area-51) where you are caught in a freaky lab accident that pratically descended the entire facility into not only a hell-hole but also a warzone. Work your way through the facility with the help of your fellow personal as you fight off these alien creatures from the borderworld of Xen, and also the Military Clean Up crew.

The only slight errors this time around are, once again the mouse senstivity (adjust that to 1.0) and the Gamma (send that dial on to low) also note apply these to Blue Shift and Opposing Force (If you think it's best, however).

the Mulitplayer servers are still active although it might be hard to get into some of them. But it shouldn't be a big deal.

Other than that. If you want to play the game that started it all. Get. This. Game. I highly recommend it!
Even after 17 years the game came out, its still worth every minute you spend in the game.
don't be afraid of outdated graphics/physics, this game is a badass.
VALVe's first major hit, and the game that got the company off the ground. Without this game you would not have Half-life 2, Team Fortress 2, all of the Counter Strikes, Dota 2, the source engine and all mods and standalone games made for it, or the left 4 dead games. Steam may not even exist if this game never came out
As someone old enough to remember the first-hand buzz over Half-Life in highschool, but never having played it until 15 years later, I'm very glad I ignored the voice telling me it'd have dated gameplay mechanics and be dated and weak by todays stanards because I was 100% wrong and enjoyed it from start to finish.

I remember kids at school talking about how amazing the graphics were more than anything else and so I was scared that this was most of what the game had to offer, and by playing it in 2015+ it'd be just plain visually uninteresting, and that the physics engine Valve is so lauded for would be boring. I was completely wrong and while Half-Life certainly has fairly bland graphics and visual palettes by some standards, it's still artistically appeasing to look at, particularly in the intro but even the level designs and contrasts of later levels are striking at times and the physics engine is no longer impressive by todays standards, but strengthens the gameplay rather than being a dependent part of it.

What all this means is that this game hasn't aged in terms of fun gameplay and has barely aged in terms of visual style and it still felt impressive to play through. I'm sad I didn't get a chance when it came out, but I haven't missed out and I'll be revisiting this game every few years to come.

If you're one of the handful of people on the planet like me and visiting this game for the first time more than a decade and a half later- don't delay, the first play-through is every bit as fun, thrilling and impressive as it was on release.
I love half life 
i have completed it 12 times
i have 188 hrs play time
It is single player
i have no life
i sold my house to fund my addiction
i am writing this review in a library
10/10
Hi there, people. Today, I'm speaking about Half-Life, a Valve game which was first released in 1998 and had more than 50 rewards. By most players, this game was considered as a highly atmospheric, greatly built, and amazingly drawn. It also has awesome storyline and multiplayer, so if you don't care about graphics, which were brilliant in 1998, then this game is for you. Complexity of the game levels, hidden secrets, alternate paths, 5 categories of weapons (14 weapons in total), different kinds of friends and enemies will give you as much pleasure as if you got quite a rich man. In my opinion, Half-Life deserves all the rewards it was given, and will stay the best game I've ever played until the end of my days. That is it, and, at last, I want to say: if you are not sure if you should buy this game, you definitely should.
They call me "noob". Have a nice day!
Half-Life is one of the most influential games and many of us have played our fair share of it's modifications like the original Counter-Strike and many more. It surely is an important game and many refer to it as the best game ever made, but Half-Life does have it's flaws as well. I'll start off with the positive. 

Most of the games at the time didn't have much depth in the story. Mainly, you simply had to run and shoot and the story felt irrelevant, but in Half-Life it was different. The story is quite the usual - an experiment goes wrong and it creates a portal to another planet which allows hostile aliens to go through. Eventhough it seems nothing much, you can always feel that there's more depth put into the story. The pacing is perfect and the world you are playing in is still interesting to look at. The level design is amazing and it does hold up today, even if some of the levels may feel a bit too long. All of the weapons are unique and have use for them. All of them are useful in certain situations. There's also a big variety on how to defeat your enemy.

The multi-player is still being played today and you'll be able to find servers, but I'd suggest looking up servers on internet, since there's a bigger choice. Multi-player is a fast-paced deathmatch which requires a lot of skill and patience. Concept is pretty simple, but actually getting good at it is hard. If there was a game that plays similliar, I would say Quake, but HL can be a bit slower at times. Maps are well designed and it's still a fun experience, but I'd suggest finishing the story first, because it's where the real beauty of the game is. 

So, there aren't many things to say about Half-Life's flaws. One of the biggest issues is that the soldiers will most likely hit you most of the time, because they are not designed to miss their shots as much. You have to kill them as fast as possible, just so you won't catch as many bullets. On the other hand, other enemies don't do this. Also the levels drag on too much sometimes. Some of the levels feel too long and it might be a little irritating if you are playing the first time. The levels where you have to jump on platforms aren't something I'd like to play through either, but hey, maybe you enjoy that. 

Overall, Half-Life still holds up today despite it's age and I can see why people, including me, still play it and it's mods today. If you can't decide whether you should pick Half-Life or Half-Life: Source, I'd say that you should definitely go for the original. The new gun models, textures etc. doesn't make the game feel balanced. It's like your stuck between an old and a new game. Also, Source version does not have as many mods, so go for the original.
its 1998 valve and their first game with main character doctor gordon freeman. i dont want to spoil story if you havent play this masterpiece of valve. but i will hope you will play it. i play this game already 3x times and anytime it was great in 2017 you would say look at the graphics they are horible but when i was young this was best what we had and we enjoy that nobody cares about about graphics or how many fps do you have this game was revolution in gaming and this game will be in my hearth to my death thanks to the valve.

"if i have any mistakes in sentences send me a message, thank you"
Some might say that this game is outdated, and quite frankly..yes, why yes it is. However that doesn't change the fact that this game is in fact revolutionary. Half life changed the way that we play first person shooters, by allowing us to step into the shoes of Gordon Freeman, we were able to see the story unfold bit by bit. This was truly the first FPS game to introduce a deep story, and excellent immersion.

Though it is old, Half Life stands the test of time. From the intense yet satisfying combat, fun puzzles, immersive atmosphere, interesting storyline and more, Half life is truly a legend; one that can still be enjoyed even today, and remains an important piece of video game history.
It's 1998 and you're playing a new game. You're riding in some type of a train through these bottomless dark halls filled with pipes, and windows with scientists, some robots and a strange guy in a blue suit. All this seems to be part of some huge underground complex.

Suddenly this game interacts with you, telling you that you're late for some kind of experiment. This seems to be important so youre trying to get there. You get your HEV suit and venture deeper into Black Mesa. Something feels a miss as your noticing system errors and a computer explosion, not to mention that radioactive leak you saw while riding the train. But everyone keeps telling you that everything is properly fine. So you go ahead with the experiment and *BOOM* *CRASH*

And now you're no longer that guy sitting in front of a computer playing some new video game. You're Gordon Freeman. A new employee of the Black Mesa Research Facility with a Ph.D in Theoretical Physics, who has now witnessed a resonance cascade, causing extraterristial beings to cross over from somewhere else. Now you most escape this terrible catastrophe!
You play the role of Gordon Freeman and arrive late for work at the Black Mesa research facility. As you are walking through the steel corridors to get down to the test chamber all the other scientists keep saying: "They are waiting for you Gordon in the test chamber". After 4 loading screens and alot of waiting on scientists to mock you for being late before letting you progress to the test chamber you at last arrive there to do some testing with crystals from the alien world Xen. 

However the test goes wrong the very second you push the Xen crystal mounted on a Lawn mower into a beam for testing. This creates the resonance cascade which creates a rift between earth and Xen, allowing Vortigaunts and other alien species to enter earth at will. The Black Mesa security cannot stop the aliens and the army is called in. The army is however not there to help the Black Mesa personnel. They are there to kill everybody invovled with the project.

Gordon Freeman must now fight the aliens, fight the soldiers, try to save the scientists that mocked him for being late and with the help of the scientists reach Xen to stop Nihilanth(The Alien mastermind). 


Overall Half-Life is probably one of those games ive spent the most time playing. Outside of steam that is. Bought it back in 1999 and when steam came along my key was already taken steam said(To verify my key I had to take a photo of my product and its key and send it to valve and back in 2004 that was not an easy thing to do). So I had to play it outside of steam until it ended up on one of those sales. If you have steam and don't have Half-Life then I recomend you buying it as quickly as possible.

Half-Life is also being remade by a team of dudes. The mod is called Black Mesa. Its avalible for download but it lacks the last levels that were sceduled to be released 2 years ago.

I give Half-Life 10/10 for being a great game and having great replay value.
In November 19th, 1998,  a developer you've never heard of known as Valve released a game on a heavily modified Quake Engine and promptly changed PC gaming as we know it. It is revered to this day, and played by millions of people. It's engine and modding tools revolutionized independent game making as we knew it. 
Counter Strike had its start as a mod for Half-Life. The port of Team Fortress known as Team Fortress Classic kept the dream alive, and expansion packs like Opposing Forces and Blue Shift let you continue the battle through Black Mesa from a different point of view. 

Half-Life also gave birth to other popular mods as well. The Specialist brought John Woo like gun play to a multiplayer stage, but also with one guy who always tried to use the Katana. Sven Co-op was advertised as a way to play Half-Life story mode with friends but ended up with countless community maps, anywhere from puzzles to remake maps from other games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill. 

Natural Selection mixed RTS and science fiction horror with competitive multiplayer, Brainbread predated the multiplayer zombie craze by a few years. And also Frontline Force existed. I don't know what it was, I only ever heard it was good. 

Also, does anyone remember the Dragon Ball Z mod? People modded the mod, that was rad. 

Oh yeah, I should probably talk about the real game. 

Paranoia is good, too. 

Half Life was published by Sierra until it wasn't anymore. You play as Gordon Freeman, the world's silentist man. One day at work, Gordon decides to ruin everything by pushing a big rock into a plasma globe. This opens up a portal into New Jersey, which promptly invades the world with horrible aliens and other baddies. 

Also the Hazardous Environment Combat Unit division of the Marine Corp also show up and they're also rather disappointed with you. So its up to Gordon to hit things with a crowbar, shoot things with guns, and jump from platform to platform in some sketchy platforming sequences. 

I'm not a believer in the idea that video games can “age well” or not “age well”, I mean, I still play games from the 90s on a regular basis and I have fun with them. I've had people tell me the same thing about Half-Life, how its just not as good now because newer games have come out. But Half-Life not only holds up, it actually kind of stomps a good number of recent games into the mud. 

Half-Life mixes slow, ambient moments with fast paced, Quake-like action expertly. Giving you times when you're simply exploring the facility, solving simple puzzles, and finding hidden areas before throwing you into a all-out shit show with either aliens, marines, or both. 

The amount of diversity in the alien forces is actually kind of amazing. Headcrabs, zombies, bullsquids, barnacles, Vortigaunt, alien grunt, and of course, who could forget the Chumtoad? They're not just different enemies with different attacks either, each one has their own behavior patterns. 

Headcrabs like to hide in the ceiling and around corners, Vortigaunts will flee if they take too much damage,  Houndeyes will group up together so they can do more damage with their attacks, you can actually feed Bullsquids meat on some occasions, and I don't speak Headcrab Zombie, but I think they're saying mean things about you.

The Marines are no slouch either. They'll cover fire, flank, flush you out with explosives, retreat if it gets too hot, even cover one another's retreat. They're mostly the same, as in their basically just another enemy, but they mix it up with carrying different weapons. The one's carrying the submachine gun will try to keep their distance while the shotgun toting marines have no problems getting in close and turning your insides into outsides. They'll even give you a little kick if you get too close. 

You mix all this together with pretty excellent gun play and you got yourself a good shooter, pard'ner. Half-Life's combat is fast and crazy enough to keep you on your toes, while cover is a viable option, its usually best to just go crazy, sprinting and strafing into battle, using your assortment of weapons to the fullest.

Each weapons plays a role, especially in later areas of the game, and switching from, lets say, the shotgun to turn someone into mulch before quickly drawing the crossbow to hit someone from a distance isn't only viable, but it feels good to pull off.
Ooh, I'm getting tingly. 

To me, the earliest parts of Half-Life are it's strongest. Exploring a work place turned alien infestation has a enticing atmosphere, like finding a gun on a train track. The slow, quiet moments which lead into showdowns with the alien invaders are buffered with parts where you find fellow scientists and security guards. 

Then you find your first Marine and the game suddenly goes BOOM, KAPOW! And you're thrust into a warzone with artillery and very angry men calling you very bad words. All of these start to mingle together into one chaotic mess, and its amazing. Finding security guards holding their own in between aliens and marines brutalizing one another is always a treat, especially if they have goodies to give you. 

The game does peter out as it goes on. If I had to put a point to it it would probably be when [spoiler] Gordon gets tossed into the trash compactor. [/spoiler] 
From then on out its basically all action with very little interaction with survivors or puzzle solving. Since you're getting further away from the usually populated areas, you're less likely to find others that aren't actively trying to kill you. Exploration also takes a nose dive, since you're basically just trying to get across one giant warzone at this point until you reach your destination. 
That being said, when you DO run into a Barney or a scientist, its more impressive than anything else.
Oh yeah, and the last few stages can leave me alone and stop calling me, please. 

Half-Life holds a special place in my heart. The collection was the first thing I ever bought for the PC back in 2003. The game itself, including all the really well made mods basically meant you only needed to buy that one game. 
Its also the reason why I have a VAC ban on my account. Bet you can't guess what I diiiid.
[spoiler]It actually wasn't me. [/spoiler]

The game is great fun, and you can usually get it for a buck or so these days. The game is also compressed to hell when you download it, so you could get it in like...An hour if you have dial up.
Please tell me you don't have dial-up. 

Half-Life gets a thumbs up out of a series of thumbs down. 

Cats apparently domesticated themselves.

[url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/7124597/]Join the curator, where we totally don't practice witchcraft on new members. [/url]


_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-

Half life.The game that started it all.Even though it was made back in 1998,it is still a gem.I don't vote games by their graphics,but by their gameplay.This was an immersing,wonderful and addicting experience for me.I lived another life.In this game.The game has everything a gamer asks for: Immersing Gameplay,Indulging story,A Nice Selection of Weapons,and graphics that were thrilling in the year it was made,but are all old now.Even now this title holds up till today,shining its glory as the first game that Valve ever made,and a game that changed Gaming itself.Now I will have a look at the main aspects of a good game.

WARNING: A little bit of spoiling ahead.

Gameplay: Excellent.Either you are blasting monsters from an alternate dimension or just trying to pick off those squad men who just don't seem to put you in peace.There were a few places where it did get a little bit boring,but that was because I couldn't wait until I would experience something new.The terrain in the game is nicely made,even though it is pretty old due to the date it was made.The places you travel through are pretty different,you won't be bored of seeing the same old place over and over again.The game itself is nicely balanced;except that they could have put less ammo in the game,so you wouldn't always have a gun loaded. 9/10

Story: A nice story is told throughout the game,and that is guaranteed to keep you hooked until the last moment of the game.Even though it doesn't have any cutscenes,it tells its story just wonderfully.It keeps you in first person mode all of the time,so it makes you "live" the character all the way through the story.All the stuff that is happening in the game seems kind of logical,as if could happen in real life.The characters are well done as well,for they act as normal people would act.They are as they should be,they speak,fight,help you and do other stuff.And there is a wierdly acting character which stands out in the game;but I will let you figure that out for yourself.There aren't the same scientists all over and over again,but we can't say this with security guards.The enemies are widely assorted and won't make you think that they are dumb,but play as they are real and trying to get you.No dull moment will get you in this game,so don't be afraid of experiencing any in this game.  10/10

Weapons: There is a wide assort of weapons to fit you in this game,but do not expect too much.There are the main weapons you would except from a game like this,and maybe a little bit more due to an "Monster Invasion" going on all around you.The game has its own signature weapon: A Crowbar.But that is also the only melee weapon that you can use in this game.While you progress through the game you will find weapons,but there aren't many,so every weapon you get,you make use of,because all of them are unique.As I won't spoil much here,I will just tell you that there are weapons from the pistol even to such weapons like a rocket launcher,and a few of alien techologies are found in the game as well.You will find yourself exploring all around you to get some ammo for your favourite weapon,because it gives you tons of ammo for a wide selection of weapons,and the ammo that you need may not be findable anywhere.When you shoot a gun it feels like you shoot a gun,meaning that you will find the gun bouncing back in your hand when you shoot it,and you can hear the sound for gun firing is well done as well.But when shooting a rocket launcher you will not bounce back,but if you move while shooting it the rocket will go wrong and hit another spot,depending on which way you moved.Even if you don't have any ammo,you get to use a alien techonlogy which has unlimited ammo.Even though it recharges over time,it doesn't take much of it and it has special abilities.  8.5/10

Enemies: From the headcrab even to the final boss,the enemies are nicely balanced.You are slowly introduced to each enemy and its tactics,so you know what to use on it and what to do.You probably won't find yourself facing a unnormally big army of enemies if you aren't well armed.Once you learn the tactics the enemies use it is easy to defeat them,just keep a look out for them,or otherwise you might find yourself in quite a pickle.I wouldn't say that the enemies are hard.You can use the terrain to your advantage as well.Luckily,one group of your enemies is fighting another,so you can use that to your advantage as well,if you find the right moment.*wink*.But I wouldn't rely on such stuff,I would just get myself a nice arsenal of weapons and go defeat that crowd of motherfuckers.There are a few weapons which have unlimited ammo,and I feel that is unbalanced.Don't go prancing around as a pony as well,you will get your ass kicked.There are flying enemies,crawling enemies,walking enemies and big enemies.The crawling ones are easy,just keep a look out for them so they don't get the jump on you.The Flying ones need the right weapons,like a zoom in crossbow,for they fly around and shoot at you and when you get close to them they just fly away.The walking ones are easy enough,just keep a shotgun on your hand and you will be OK.But the big ones need a plan,a strategy and a assault of weapons. 9.5/10

Graphics: From Black Mesa labs to even Alien fields of doom,this game is amazing.It now has its own HD models,so a few things look better when the models are turned "ON".Any computer will be able to get this game running,so why not jump in it already?And as this game was made in 1998,don't expect modern graphics.But that couldn't stop you from playing this game,could it?The terrain is kind of blocky and the characters as well,but if you look past that point get ready to indulge into a game that made gaming as it is today.And the graphics aren't that bad,everything is quite understandable.They have made the graphics the best way they could,and I don't blame them because I don't vote a game by its graphics.And if you can't stand the graphics there is a Source version of the game,made by Valve as well.There is a version made by fans as well,but I wouldn't recommend that because it is modified a bit.But the original is the best in my opinion as it is the completly unmodified version of half life,and the best out there.Of course,that is if you look past the graphics.There are even little details specified in the originl game,but they won't be seen so good and will be kind of blurred.But be sure to keep your eyes lit,for there are many levers,buttons and things like that throughout the game,that blend in with the enviroment. 8.5/10

Overall look: Even though this game is dated,it is definently not dead.Be sure to pick this game up on a sale,or even buy it at its full price,because this game is worth every cent you pay for it.I loved the game,it really got me pulled in and the story was just stunning.I loved every place I came upon to in this game,seeking new adventure and traveling on into the deep unknown.This game is filled with interesting moments and is guaranteed to keep you aroused until the very ending.This is a great classic and everyone should play it,it is an experience not to be missed.It changed gaming as it is now,and was a hit in gaming and it still is.A wonderful game. FINAL SCORE ::::::::: 9/10.

Reviewed by Ultrix.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
If you've never played a Half-Life game and aren't relatively familiar with the story and franchise, then this review might be for you. If you're just looking for a fresh perspective on one of your favorite classics then this review might also be for you. This was the first time I have ever played a Half-Life game. I'm afraid I missed it when it was released, however, I did play similar shooters from that era. I didn't think a review from me would be necessary for such a popular title like Half-Life but seeing that all of the top reviews for it are those ridiculous one or two sentence jokes, I thought that maybe my take on it would be welcome.

In Half-Life, you fill the shoes of Gordon Freeman, a theoretical physicist who's getting ready for an ordinary day at the office. Gordon Freeman apparently, dons his fancy HEV suit every morning after punching in on the time clock, and then runs around in a room that is not safe anyone not wearing said suit.

Long story short, something bad happens while on the job, and aliens decide to invade Gordon's workplace, Black Mesa labs. You then spend the rest of the game trying to get out of the now compromised Black Mesa facility. The structure is surprisingly large for a research lab and you'll spend quite some time traversing it's different levels, from labyrinthine industrial machinery to the sterile, clean laboratories where Freeman's colleagues go-a-sciencing. Without spoiling too much, the army becomes involved and for some unexplained reason, presumably a cover-up, considers you to be just as dangerous as the invading aliens.

That pretty much covers it, as far as an overall picture is concerned. You won't start with much, as far as weapons are concerned, however you'll slowly build up your collection as you romp through Black Mesa. The gameplay is smooth and uncluttered with too many bells and whistles. You run, shoot, and jump your way to the surface of the facility. Sometimes, you'll even push and pull some things to solve some very mild puzzles. The game can be quite challenging if you up the difficulty enough. And ammo is at a premium. You really have to think about what weapons you're using against which enemies and what is the most efficient way to kill them. Some weapons are better for killing different targets, which is a nice thing that makes this game more than just a mindless shooter.

There is little dialogue throughout this game. In fact, there are even a couple of levels where you won't encounter too terribly many enemies, however those are mostly reserved for the more industrial areas of Black Mesa.

The game is definitely dated, as it runs on the old 1998 GldSrc engine. If you're itching to get your nostalgia on, this can be a good thing, though. It reminded me a lot of Star Trek: Voyager - Elite Force from the early 2000's (unsurprisingly, as Raven Software admitted Half-Life was their inspiration for Elite Force). It can also be considered reminiscent of Doom, in it's tone, especially in the later levels I think. If you really just aren't in the mood of '98 graphics, thought, you could always get the Source version of the game, which isn't terribly different, but does give it that extra little oomph you may be looking for.

All in all, there weren't many cons in this game for me, except for it's lack of exposition. I think that may be more of a sign of it's age, however. Like I said, there isn't much dialogue and if you're looking for a lot of story, you won't really find it in this game. However, I've been told that HL2 has more of that sort of thing. I also mentioned above that ammo can be hard to find and many might consider that to be another negative trait. That's just something that will come down to personal preference, though. At least I never found myself bored while playing. The end boss was pretty unforgiving, though. The technical difficulty of defeating the final boss was fairly frustrating and they didn't exactly make the mechanics of doing it very smooth. This also seems to be a relic from gaming's past, though.

All things considered, I really enjoyed this game. I came it with mostly a fresh perspective, as I knew little about the tone of Half-Life and I knew little of the story. Even though I never played this as a kid, the nostalgia from shooters of it's era was enough to make me smile from time to time. If you played Quake III or games like it, you might also notice some of the minor similarities. When you consider that this was Valve's debut product, it makes it all seem that much more impressive.
Rather than review this game, here's a post I made regarding the death of Half-Life 2: Episode 3:

My dad and I used to play Half-Life together every day. I was the mouse and he was the keyboard; it's what got me into gaming in the first place. Years later, the HL2 SDK got me into programming and game development which is what made me into the person I am today. All of Valve's titles were a huge part of our time together, and he passed away in 2013 knowing I was going to go into the game industry and one day work for Valve.

Now here we are in 2017 and it's all just...over. Hard to believe..

I fault Gabe for this more than anyone. I can't believe he's just OK with leading us all on for 10 years, and longer still if Marc didn't give him this very public tellling off.

Bless you, Mr. Laidlaw.
This game is simply a [b]must play[/b]. A genre revolutionary game that set [i]high standarts[/i] for first person shooter games, shocking visuals and inmersive audio make an exceptional mix of what games should be. The fast paced gameplay and the intriguing story will make you to stay hours on the screen. Play it before it's too late!

+Fast paced gunplay
+Exceptional narrative
+Lots of different weapons to use
+Amazing level design
+Clever occasional puzzles
+Memorable soundtrack
+The iconic crowbar!

-Soundtrack could play a little more often

97/100 [b]Masterpiece[/b]
It's an understatement to say I was somewhat late to the party when it comes to [b]Half-Life.[/b] Valve's debut title was released back in 1998, and yet I only actually played the game last year in 2016. I wrote a review for it a little while after but I am not particularly happy with it, so here's the re-write of my Half-Life review.

[h1] In Short - [/h1]

Half-Life currently and always will occupy the grand title of my favourite game ever. Although that title is shared with a few other games (Hotline Miami 2, Kid Icarus: Uprising, etc) the position is not very easy to get to. Although my reviews may not make it seem this way but I am extremely critical of video games, making it very hard to actually title a game my favourite. Yet there's something so painfully gripping about Half-Life. From story, to gameplay. Level design to even graphics, the game really masters the FPS genre, especially for its time.

[h1] More In Depth - [/h1]

If you weren't aware - which is almost impossible - Half-Life follows the story of a scientist named Gordon Freeman. One day at work an experiment goes horribly wrong and a portal is opened to a dimension named [i]Xen[/i]. Gordon then sets out on a 'quest' to escape the now broken facility, fighting both Xen aliens and a group of HECU soldiers who come to the facility to clean up any evidence of this incident. This story is further expanded in the game's expansions, Half-Life: Blue Shift and Half-Life: Opposing Force, and expanded further still in the sequel Half-Life 2. This story is conveyed completely without cutscenes. From the first moments to the last, every single part of the game you are in control of Freeman. You can also decide to kill whoever you like. Scientists and friendly guards are 100% killable and you can decide to either spare or destroy anybody who crosses your path. While it does not directly affect anything that happens in the game, it is still very interesting to have such control over what you do. Control taken out in many recent games.

[h1] Freeman's Arsenal [/h1]

One great thing about Half-Life is the range of weaponry available. Crossbow? Check! Pistol? Check! RPG? Check! SMG? Check! And it goes on and on, with even more added in the expansion Half-Life: Opposing Force. Some guns are completely made up, too, such as the Gluon Gun, a personal favourite. Along with this there are explosives such as grenades, trip mines and satchel charges. Each gun and explosive has a different use and a situation to use it in, making the play of Half-Life very easy to switch up and appeal to many different people.

[h1] Level Design [/h1]

Half-Life is a decently long game all things considered. 17 chapters altogether, some chapters longer than others, however all are a decent chunk of game. As most of the game takes place inside of the facility (named Black Mesa), most parts of the game are labs and rooms you'd find in a scientific facility. Parts are exploded or broken, due to the fighting that is taking place, along with various explosions. Enemy placement is done well, and the AI is also pretty good, some obviously smarter than others, the Black Ops being the hardest to kill in my opinion. With each scene change comes new scenery, always fitting the setting. I won't expand because I'd like to stay spoiler free, but the point is that all the level design is well done, from enemy placement to textures and such.

[h1] PROs and CONs [/h1]

PROs - 
[list]

[*] A unique, interesting, cutscene-less story line that follows you through the game
[*] Easy to get the hang of, no weird controls or confusing catches. 
[*] Very simple to put down and pick back up, due to the above and other contributing factors.
[*] Despite the 1998 release date, some pretty nice graphics.
[*] A whole range of enemies to fight. 
[*] And on top of that, a giant range of weapons to kill those enemies with.
[/list]

CONs - 
[list]
[*] Occasionally - although not commonly - repetitive. Yeah, I've crawled through vents whacking Headcrabs before.
[*] A very linear path all the way through the game. Few ways to get lost or get side tracked. Maybe some people are happy about that? Not me.
[*] A somewhat underwhelming boss fight. Don't get me wrong, I loved the final boss, I just think there could have been more to it.
[*] A few confusing points where you're not particularly sure what to do. 
[*] Ammo for many guns is surprisingly scarce. Some of my favourites, for example the magnum, would have very little ammo around, and as such it would make it more likely for you to simply spray your SMG instead of trying some new tactic.
[*] Little music. There is music occasionally, and it really does increase the intensity when it is used, but I feel that more music could've been used.

[h1] Final Thoughts - [/h1]

Half-Life is an old game. There's no question there. Thus it has been reviewed, talked about and mentioned many times previously. This review is less so recommending you to buy it and more tributing one of the best games in existance. Never played Half-Life before? Buy it, the only thing you'll regret is that you hadn't played it earlier. I wholeheartedly recommend this game, without question. Anybody who does not have this game in their library is seriously missing out.

[code][b] Enjoy this review? Did it help you choose whether to buy the game or not?
Join my group,[url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/CiphersTakeOn#] Cipher's Take On[/url] for more reviews, and share your own too!
~ _BillCipher [/b] [/code]
The FPS game. The game that defined a genre 15 years ago. Now with widescreen support, vsync option and hi-res texture pack! No, not HD texture pack, just high-res (released quite long ago so the game still looks dated).

Why do we like Half Life? Because you play an average guy, a scientist, not some spec-ops sir-yes-sir veteran, just one of the common people who finds himself in the middle of a catastrophe and the only way to get out of it is to shoot up some aliens. Oh, and while there, why not go to their planet to blow up the very alien controlling all of them?

I believe this was the game that gave birth to scripted events, or at least made them look very good.

It is an action-packed, amazing game - with some puzzle sequences here and there - that offers roughly 10-15 hours of single player time, if not more. Nowadays, this is very rare.
A random young brunette tech with a crowbar and bad eyesight turns out to be a more effective warrior and scientist than any number of spec-ops forces, particle physicists or camo-suited assassins, but is incapable of not blowing a casserole up.

Good game.
When I've played this game for the first time, I've just realized that why do people really want HL3 asap. 
Half life 1 was probably the best game you could find back to 2000 and I would still rather to play this wonderful game than wasting my money on 60$ games that requires you to buy a big loan of DLCs. Anyway, this game maybe looks so f*ckin' old but It was GOTY. 

The story was wonderful, the gameplay was great, the weapons were cool, the game progression is not that easy that you think cuz you need a tough mind to play it. The microwave made to screw around with scientists and finally the mods that made me ROLF. The gameplay time is not short.

11/10
Game of the day, week, month, year and ever.
I first played this game in 1998. I remember that I played for 10 hours on hard mode with my 20fps and got about a third of the way through then gave up and restarted the game on easy and finished it in 7 hours. 20 years later I'm getting 100fps and I again played it for 10 hours on hard mode then gave up and finished it in 7 hours on easy. They don't make them like they used to. 

What NOT TO DO in Black Mesa :
1. Do not press the alarm button under Barney's desk.
2. Do not read other people's message.
3. Do not mess up with the microwave in the kitchen.

And most IMPORTANTLY :
4. DO NOT PUSH the SAMPLE in the REACTOR!!!!!

Rating:
10.0
Definitely the winner of the Test of Time award, this game is so ahead of its time that I can clearly say that every FPS game after Half-Life lives by it shadows. This is the game that taught the world that a fps game could tell a story... and in my humble opinion, one of the best stories ever told in a game.
A game that literally pathed the way for modern games. Without a game like Half-Life, we might not have been where we are in modern day single player games!

 Just under 20 years ago I first completed this and many times since. My now 21 year old daughter used to watch me play SP and MP and her fave was the houndeye.

 Pros; Everything.
 Cons; Nothing.

 I was 27 years old. Am 47 years old now.
Was bored.. so I decided to play this game again after many many years.

It felt shorter then I remembered but I did play for seven and half hours straight to finish. 

A classic FPS of it's era that leave many unanswered questions even after 17 years. 

It's 4:50 in the morning so this is gonna be a short review..

I am sure most people played this one already.. IF you havn't.. Are you from Mars? Grab you copy and play it!

9/10
you are a nerd, you have a crowbar, you beat soldiers, scientists, and cross-dimensional aliens to death with you crowbar. all in the name of science.

11/10 would kill for science again
It's 1998 and you're playing a new game. You're riding in some type of a train through these bottomless dark halls filled with pipes, and windows with scientists, some robots and a strange guy in a blue suit. All this seems to be part of some huge underground complex.

Suddenly this game interacts with you, telling you that you're late for some kind of experiment. This seems to be important so youre trying to get there. You get your HEV suit and venture deeper into Black Mesa. Something feels a miss as your noticing system errors and a computer explosion, not to mention that radioactive leak you saw while riding the train. But everyone keeps telling you that everything is properly fine. So you go ahead with the experiment and *BOOM* *CRASH*

And now you're no longer that guy sitting in front of a computer playing some new video game. You're Gordon Freeman. A new employee of the Black Mesa Research Facility with a Ph.D in Theoretical Physics, who has now witnessed a resonance cascade, causing extraterristial beings to cross over from somewhere else. Now you most escape this terrible catastrophe!

Graphics: 12/20 (Revolutionary for 2000, now outdated)
Story: 18/20
Gameplay: 18/20
Replayability: 18/20 (Mods)
Soundtrack: 18/20
Overall: 86/100, Grade A
Two week ago I have (for the first time ever)  played the original Half-Life. For the people who don't know, Half-Life was the first game that Valve has ever released. The game started the success of Valve that resulted in many game classics and Steam (on which you are now reading this review). 

Half-Life itself is a first person shooter. The big difference between Half-Life and other first person shooters is that instead of just shooting, it also has exploration parts through puzzles and platforming. What I really liked is that nothing in the game takes the control away from the player. You go through the entire game and choose what to do by yourself at any given moment. The game doesn't have cutscenes and the story is experienced through gameplay and dialogue. But you can also just walk past all the characters in the story and just continue. I really appreciated this, because if you die you don't have to listen to what you already know. That makes following the story optional, even though there is only a little bit of story given which is basically just: You work at a research lab and everything went wrong. Try to escape. Many parts of the story are mysteries  you just have to figure out by yourself throughout the game. I only got annoyed once due to a scientist explaining what was already shown to me through gameplay. 

The first experience of playing Half-Life felt a little bit boring. The loading for areas was really annoying, and I thought the game didn't look all that well. After a while though I got into it, and I didn't stop. Thanks to this game, I have a new insane record of non-stop playing without leaving my chair for 13.2 hours, until I completed the game. I guess that also has to do with the fact that it was my first day of my vacation, and hadn't played a game for a long while.
What makes the game so much fun is that you feel so free because nothing is told and you have to figure everything out by yourself through gameplay, which is really satisfying. I never really got stuck for a long while, because everything you find in a room has a reason to be there. 

The shooting is also fun and gets even more fun over time. The only problem I had, which might just be a personal issue, is that I think the weapons were not very well balanced. For instance, I wish the shotgun did more damage to make it an instant-kill up close. What I also liked is that in the game there are enough exploration parts and different roads to take, which resulted in me knowing  I haven't seen everything yet.

After I finished Half-Life I found out that Valve has updated this original version of Half-Life with better textures, sound and other stuff so that explains why it is easier to look at the old things after a while and be amazed by what Half-Life really is.  

In conclusion, I can say that I still recommend playing this updated version of the original Half-Life. What makes Half-Life special is the variety of shooting, puzzle solving and platforming and the lack of hand holding throughout the story and the entire game itself. Playing through Half-Life can make you think about whether we took more steps backwards than forwards with the games nowadays. 

P.S.
I will be going through the whole Half-Life series. 
Here I will put links to my other Half-Life game reviews:
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/50/]Half-Life: Opposing Force[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/130/]Half-Life: Blue Shift[/url]
[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/TrottoirManagerNL/recommended/220/]Half-Life 2[/url]

Interesting to share:
The add-on Half-Life: decay ( originally for the ps2 ) is now playable as a Half-Life mod. 
Downloadable here at: [url=http://www.moddb.com/mods/half-life-decay/downloads/half-life-decay]moddb[/url] I played it and I have to say it is pretty descent in co-op.
"HUEGH!"
"STAHP!"
"DARGH!"
"OUUGH!"
"STOP ATTACKING, HE'S A FRIEND!"
"OH MY GOD, WE'RE DOOMED!"
"MY GOD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
"FREEMAN, YOU FOOL!"
"NO, PLEASE!"

69 out of 10, would kill a scientist again.

Kinda hard to believe the game is 20 years old this year. There are some moments where it shows its age, (like all those vents that seemingly lead nowhere) but overall, this is a fun, fast-paced shooter that places gameplay above narrative, but also manages to deliver said narrative without ever removing the player from the game's control completely. (Save for one 20 second instance.)

It's worth playing through, even if just for the historical information. Just don't treat it as a cover shooter.
Half-Life is a masterpiece! Especially for 1998. Young audiences (born after 2004) may be discouraged by the *ahem* old graphics, by they should take the time to play this marvel.
Without Half-Life i would never be who i am today.
Sadly when i was a kid i though this game was a mod for Counter Strike instead the other way around but it doens't matter since it was just a delay for me to fully enter in this amazing piece of art and love it forever.
You should definitely get this along with its expansions: Half-Life: Opposing Force, Half-Life: Blue Shift and of course you can play Half-Life: Decay with a friend! (PS2 version or PC port)
My experience with this game was scary/amazing first time i ever played back in the WON version, using an old ass tube monitor and playing on software mode!

I recommend this from the bottom of my heart.
Amazing game at the time. Hard as nails. Tough enemies and no hand holding on where to go next. They don't make them like this anymore. Three thumbs up.

Played on a modern pc with windows 10 and had no problems.
Half-life was the first game that I properly remember playing. It was given to me by a friend when I was in Grade 5 and I remember playing until the first part of 'Residue Processing'. By that time, holidays were over and my friend had entered the Xen world and I was full of awe when I saw him playing in a low-gravity world with alien weapons. I decided to return back to Half-life. But alas, I had to move houses and with the passage of time and age, I somehow forgot to continue playing Half-life.

Then surprise surprise I saw the half-life pack on a steam sale. No second questions were asked and I immediately bought the pack. I had to finish this game. With its outdated graphics and linear gameplay, I wouldn't be surprised if people thought Minecraft 'looked' better than Half-life. But let me tell you, there is no other game (aside from Half-life 2) that could even come close to the brilliance of its gameplay. The storyline and the gameplay itself is revolutionary and not many games today can even compare to the shooter known as Half-life.

I shall always remember today (15th August 2016) as the day that I finally finished the original Half-life after 14 years. Thank you Valve for making the game that introduced me to the world of gaming.

I can finally sleep in peace before I move onto another masterpiece known as Half-life 2.

The most Influential game of all time.  And it feels as new as it was on the day it was released November, 8th, 1998 thanks to the HD textures. Also, has one the most revolutionary beginning sequences in gaming by telling a story not by B.S. cutscenes, but in the players perspective in real time.  Actually, it's like that throughtout the entire game.  Also has a great soundtrack. The characters are memorable, specifically the silent protagonist "Dr. Gordon Freeman Ph.D".  Along with that, Gordon is not one demensional, even though he doesn't talk he has a back story.

Recommend it for all valve fans alike.

There're also 2 other expansions that Gearbox software made called Opposing Force and Blue Shift if you want to check those out.
If you're looking for a great blast from the past, you could do a lot worse than getting into Half-Life. This is another game I mostly missed when I came out, so I'm not writing this out of nostalgia. This is simply a joy to play throughout, mixing tight shooting with some clever first-person puzzle design. Even the platforming sections are good, although in the latter part of the game where you enter an alien world, there are some "trampoline" spots on the floor which are supposed to launch you into the air when you step on them. However, I found them to be unreliable - sometimes they seemed to not work and required a bit of trial and error to get you in the air.

Half-Life's main claim to FPS fame is its level design - it's very tight and well-designed, showing the triple-A gaming industry of today that you don't always need an "open world" to be immersive. Cleverly designed linear paths can do the job if it is believable and has enough variety to keep you entertained, which Half-Life does very well. Another part of its level design that was revolutionary at the time and still holds up well today is how they are constructed - there are no long loading screens, cutscenes, or ludicrous splits between levels. It is all contiguous and seamless, meaning that throughout the game there are very few points that give you a feeling of complete "safety" - enemies can often reach you anywhere, and the game feels like one long sequence rather than several shoddily tied-together ones. The lack of cutscenes means the story is told through what are referred to as "scripted sequences" - meaning that in order to learn what is happening, it pays to pay attention to what is happening around you and listen to what NPCs are saying. This could be a conversation between survivors, or listening to a radio signal. I love good cutscenes - like the beautiful ones in Thief II for instance - but Half-Life shows a different way of doing things and makes it more than just a shooter.

But Half-Life IS a shooter - and thankfully the shooting is brilliant. The weapons all feel different and unique, and have their advantages and disadvantages. The AI holds up well especially for the time, knowing when to retreat and where and when to use projectile weapons - like grenades for instance. There is a satisfying variety of human and non-human opponents all with different modes of attack. There are only a couple of boss fights - the last of which is a bit weird. Both, however, are quite challenging and thankfully the levels they are designed in allow for either tactics or all-guns blazing, which is very risky. The game does not hold your hand with objective lists or mission markers, so don't miss anything important! Especially not switches - don't rush through areas just because they have no enemies! I did this once during a genuinely tense section where a set of tentacles guard a missile silo and had to go back again to turn the switches on. Oh, and make sure you do the training section at the beginning of the game - I missed this and therefore didn't know how to do a long jump three-quarters of the way through the game!

One area where the game does show its age is the limited character modelling, animation and voice acting, but then many modern games today are no better in this area. It does mean, however, that we had to wait until Half-Life 2 until we got a set of different characters that we built a relationship with and who had a set of distinct dialogue. But if you want shooter action with clever design, Half-Life still delivers. Oh, and the game is surprisingly gory and graphic - dismembered body parts fall out of broken air vents, blood spatters out of soldier's bodies, and tanks and planes blow up into smithereens. Definitely try this game if you're looking for a shooter that takes you on a challenging, continuous journey rather than just dumping you in lots of different places at a time and does most of the shooting for you.

I'm not good at writing reviews but here it goes
Pros:
+Graphics are outstanding (for a game that was developed in 1998)
+Gameplay is nice
+The game is challenging you won't be able to beat this game easily in Short It's not your average run and shoot game instead of hunting down waves after waves of enemies there are a lot of puzzles in the game you have to solve in order to proceed to next level only intelligent people are able to do so (Seriously)
+Great soundtracks
+Physics is perfect (almost)
+Maps are very detailed (for a game developed in GoldSrc Engine)
+Variety of weapons (about 13-15)
+Hard to beat enemies
+Great Environment (The feeling of being alone and surrounded by enemies from all sides)
+Multiplayer (Deathmatch)
+Mods Support

Cons:
-Few minor Bugs (But the game is still playable)
-No Half-Life 3 :l

Overall rating:-
9/10
Nominated For The "Even Better Than I Thought Award"
I am wimp.

Run around corner. See solider with shotgun. Get shot. Die
Retry. Kill soldier. Feel successful. Run around corner into hall. Two vortiguants spawn. I shoot one. One shoots me. I die. Dang. Run back. Forget about soldier. Get shot by him. Die.
Run back, kill soldier. Throw grenade around corner. It doesn't bounce. Explodes. I die. Dang.
Run back. Kill soldier. Shoot vortiguants. Run through corridor. Headcrab jumps at me. I survive. Hit headcrab with crowbar twenty times. It dies. I feel like there's hope I'll win. Find health. Eat health. Get health. Soldier shoots me. Lose health. Die.
Grit teeth, let out a battle cry (Softly so I don't annoy anyone) And run forward. Forgot to save. Soldier with shotgun kills me. Dang.


10/10 Would headcrab again.

Half-Life

Half-Life is a legend. This game does not really need a review anymore, but I wanted to upvote one of the best games ever made. This game offers you great story and "levels" to play through. Worth every penny.

Grade: 10/10
Damn, this is the best shooter I've ever played. 

I don't have any nostalgia for this and I'm not even a big fan of shooters, but this game is so well made that I can't do anything but praise it. 

Sure it might not have aged that well visually but the atmosphere and uniqe look of the game shines through after all these years. The gameplay is what you might expect from a shooter, you shoot things with guns. However when it's combined with the amazing level design, varied and interesting enemies and the sense of isolation this game is rising above every shooter on the market by a mile.
A milestone in the FPS genre.

I thought it would be a great idea to replay Half Life for its 20th anniversary, after so many years. And oh boy, I stopped playing Battlefield V, Assassin's Creed and all the other stuff I have in order to play this thoroughly.

 it's quite remarkable how this game still manages to be a great deal after two decades. It was the very first example of a true, fine immersion in a fps, which at that time were all about space stations, evil creatures, over the top characters and magical, floating power ups. Everything has a sense here: object placement, AI behaviour, the level design, and the natural flow of events throughout the game. The game unfolds through the glasses of the not so loquacious Gordon Freeman, showing both a new era for fps games at that time while mirroring some old inheritance like the uncomfortable platforming and some questionable design choices towards the end. And yes, the only thing I must really complain about is that at the final part of the game, especially the Xen part, the game loses a little bit of... steam.

"Why do we all have to wear these ridiculous ties? "
I bought a crowbar after playing this and was dissapointed to find the physics of it weren't as good with it as they are in Half-Life.

10/10 would get sad about the reality of crowbars again
The game that raised the ( crow ) bar of what a shooter is.
Absolutely mind blowing for the time in any way thinkable.

Runs on any PC imaginable, has a enormous mod support, good scripts, scary-smart AI, great 90's shooter mechanics , immersive atmosphere and genuinely intense combat.

Just do your PC an honor and install this game on it.
Half Life, one of the many games that "changed the game". However, no game innovated it's genre as much as Half Life. Before 1998, fps games didn't have any story, instead you simply blasted through levels to beat the game. Half Life added a story, with talking characters and all the parts of a storyline you heard in that crappy English class. Then Half Life starred a huge modding community, which produced some of Valve's biggest franchises, not to mention started up some other popular developers. After all of this, Half Life 2 came out and became the new star. 

Overall Half Life is great, and I recommend it for everyone to try. 

P.S: Notice how I didn't recommend Half Life: Source? Yeah don't get that shitty port.
Just great.
First game of Half-Life which is one of the best game series ever.
Perfect Soundtrack. 
Can play again and again without getting bored like other Valve games.
Oh man this game. I can't imagine how advanced this probably felt in 1998, and how much people praised valve at the time. Valve is one of those companies that can deliver such an amazing story based game. The feels I had from start to finish was pure awe. From the 1st fight with the military to the entrance of Xen I remember my first time experiencing it, it was so vivid! Strongly recommend this game, it may be a bit challenging for a casual player, and you may not ever replay this game, but I assure you, play this game from start to finish in one day if you can. You will leave with an amazing feeling
[h1] ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ - PERFECTION OF λ GENRE [/h1]

The game that transformed the FPS experience forever and raised the standard for quality, once and for all. A one-of-a-kind classic shooter with appealing and varying gameplay, an impressive story that keeps on evolving and intelligent puzzles where realism and sci-fi elements collide, all made with talent and deep passion. Challenge other players in the adrenaline pumping multiplayer, the feature that started the culture of online gaming.

Discover the power of the symbolic crowbar and survive alien creatures from the multiverse and enemy soldiers, in the greatest first-person shooter of all time.
I can't believe I had this much fun with a game made in 1998 in 2019. I owed it all to its well-crafted bizzaro environment that is Black Mesa - and all of it's lovely bullet-spongey creatures within it. Weapons and graphics are clearly outshined in this day and age, but it just has a seamless sense of progression hindered only by loading screens. It's still a must buy for anyone who wants to see where the origins of this game began. If the old graphics put you off, I'd suggest getting Black Mesa, which is just a prettier re-skin of the game that's a bit more current gen. 

Story: [spoiler] Gordon Freeman, a 27-year-old Physics wunderkind, is running late in his super-secret research position at Black Mesa. Black Mesa is a research compound that does a bunch of scientifically kooky stuff, which you'll get a taste of on your tram ride over. Once you're at work, an experiment you're involved goes bad and the whole place goes out of sorts. It has something to do with dicking time, space, and the Xen dimension which hosts many upset aliens. You're tasked with maintaining order as you fight Aliens that have teleported in from the Xen dimension while also going up against military personnel tasked with killing the remaining scientists and aliens to cover it all up. Eventually, you make your way through to the Xen dimension to kill a big alien that's keeping the portal open. Once you do that, this weird guy in a suit that you see in a few fleeting moments teleports to you and says that he has work for you. And if you don't accept his new offer of employment by walking to a teleport, you get teleported into a big room of enemies without a gun. [/spoiler]


++ Phenomenal environmental design that withstands the test of time
++ Outstanding 90s synth soundtrack 
++ Diverse array of enemies and environmental obstacles that added that extra level of challenge 
++ Great weapon variety with adequate ammunition scattered throughout the levels 
+ Barebones story that's kept interesting through dialogue from the scientists
- Military enemies were bullet-sponges that should have been easier to kill
- Falling damage was a bit much for what it was 
-- Extremely disappointing final boss in terms of methods on how to kill it


Conclusion: Buy it now or during a sale. Get Black Mesa if you can't stand the graphics. Shows the early capabilities of Valve in full force, and it was cool to see how certain gameplay elements shaped the many great things that came from this game (i.e. the original Counter Strike, Portal, and many other games that drew inspiration from it).
You see, this game, it's... it's... pretty much perfect... 
Right up there with Half Life 2...
[url=https://www.moddb.com/mods/half-life-2-classic] wait... [/url]
Alright yeah this game is perfect.
Even though Half-Life is more than 20 years old, it's fun to play and provides a unique game experience. The story progresses through gameplay, it's interesting and mysterious. Both the gameplay and the AI are way ahead of 1998, the graphics are very good for that time as well. The level design is great too, it always keeps you on the move, it takes you from labs to vents to hillsides to underground railways to... Anyway, there are several more features that make this game special but I want to keep my review short. Half-Life will remain as one of the best Sci-Fi games I've ever played. I highly recommend you Half-Life no matter your taste in video games.
My friend had sent me this game as a gift and I am happy he did so, the game is phenomenal, and is the building block to another which i hear is even better and rated as one of the best PC games, if you have not played this game I highly recommend you buy this one, the story is immersive and is great i could not stop playing once I had begun, 9/10
[i]"There was a time they cared nothing for Miss Vance... When their only experience of humanity was a crowbar coming at them down a steel corridor."[/i]

This is that time.
A real rollercoaster adventure. Goes from curiosity to terror to disbelief to confusion to adrenaline, and then back around again a few times for good measure. 
10/10
Best Game in this freakin World. Really! I´m not joking! 

This game always take me back into my Childhood.

You have to try this game! Amazing Story with lot of mystery inside, Guns, Gold Source Engine and even more!

Buy Half-Life and other Half-Life games right now!
Haven't played this game in 13 years and went back to it and it is still truly a masterpiece!! I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a masterpiece of a game as well as a classic. Just got to get used to the twitchy 90's controls.
The pinnacle of the 90's fps. Half-Life changed an industry and it's effects are still felt through out gaming. Half-Life created an seamless narrative that never left the character's point of view. No cutscenes or various levels just a handcrafted linear story. It's atmosphere and combat is amazing to this day and the game is shockingly addictive, you won't want to put it down.
[h1]Half-Life[/h1]

I really wanted to try Half Life for a really long time, finally got to buying it during the sale. I went into the game with a somewhat high expectation, I expected it to be something like Portal 2 (which I really enjoyed), but while playing Half Life, I couldn't help but just feel lost at certain areas and just feeling bored overall, the combat gets very dull after a while and the story did not peak my interest at all. Maybe it's because I've been spoilt by the modern type of singleplayer games but I really did not find myself enjoying the game. I will say that I have seen the ending of the game which looks really cool but I've already lost all interest in this game. [b]4/10[/b] (sorry)
The graphics are very bad in 2019 standards, but glorious in 1998 standards. The gameplay is not really for me. Did not enjoy it, but since it is a classic, it still is pretty neat.
