Here are the links to the DLC's, I hope this helps!


Dawnguard https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720 

Hearthfire https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760 

Dragonborn https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880 

Please comment if there's anything you would like to say.
This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge.

I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong.

This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more.

At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played.

And I'm totally ok with that.
So ive wasted my life on this game. Like litterly wasted whatever 1500 hours of time comes out to, ive discovered every location on the map, played every DLC there is, collected every item, even items the console doesint want you to have. Ive memorized every dungeon and done every quest. Played every class-type and got every skill to legendary 100 and even over a few times. Ive played this game so much I know where everything is down to the elves ear cluster behind you as you walk into white river watch to the medium coin pouch on the main mast of the ship in broken oar grotto. And the mods. SO MANY MODS. But, at the end of the day what I love most about this game is that after all this time playing, I can annoy my friends by reciting the full heimskr speech word for word and repeating generic guard speech in real life when I get bored. I mean all the speech. You know youve played too much when you tell people on the street that steel is solid and true and that they fancy one handed swords, not those clunky two-handed weapons. 

Ether way get this game-its got dragons, magic, awesome weapons, brainwashing(the good kind), and replayability. And an entire modding community behind it. Enough said aye.
Stop hiding Oldrim from store search, Steam!!! Skyrim belongs to the nords!!!!
If someone wants to buy this original game since it has: more mods, more options, a much bigger modding community and no paid mods like SE; if you want this kind of freedom, here is a link (you can only buy through your browser): 
https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
DLCs: https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/72850/ 
Not sure if DLCs are buyable anymore but it should work, I hope.

Or you can stick with SE, it's good and more stable (less crashing) when it comes to modding the game, even though it has less options.
Skyrim(the regular edition)has been removed from the steam search engine, but you though, the true pc gamer has managed to find it anyway. If you are seeing this, I will assume you already own the game and are reading this for the purpose of nostalgia; a truly noble cause. If this is the case, fulfill the inevitable, mod and play this game until it breaks.
If you have never played this game, all I can say is that the  money you will pay for it will be negligable to the amount of pleasure you recieve. There has never been a game quite like this and I doubt there ever will be again. Its your move.
People Who want the dlc for this version of skyrim can click these links
HearthFire: https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/
Dragonborn: https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880
DawnGuard https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720
Texture Pack: https://store.steampowered.com/app/202485/Skyrim_High_Resolution_Texture_Pack_Free_DLC/
Playing this game for the first time six years after its initial release proved to be a delight in disguise. With all the memes and jokes established, I was finally able to understand what the fuss was all about back in 2011. Despite not having the best gameplay, story or graphics out there, something about this title just made me want to finish every quest I deemed worth completing. 

9/10 - mods recommended
Hidden the game in the search list, hidden DLC, now they can be found only by direct links.
What's wrong with you? Is that a marketing ploy? So people can buy remastered?
What's wrong with you Bethesda? 
10 "EA Logic" of 10.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/ 
https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/ 
https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/
Why write a review of a game that came out 6 years ago?
Because I was able to buy it last year, that's why.

And because I've had more than a thousand hours of complete and pure, amazing fun with it.
Probably 'no one' is going to read this review. But if you are that 'no one', and you're thinking if you should get a game released waaay back -specially with other "better" options out there-, let me tell you that you're not going to regret your decision if you do choose Skyrim over other games.
This with the help of MODS, of course.

Thanks to the Mods that make the game bug-free, add new locations and quests, new characters, new RP posibilities, add Immersion to it (and the list goes on and on), I can guarantee you'll play Skyrim over and over again just to discover what might had happened if you decided to join X faction instead of Y. You'll have the chance to really, truly experience Skyrim in multiple ways: as a Rogue Wizard, a Witcher, a Savage Berserk, a Shadowy Blade, a Relic Hunter. A naked man/woman/apachehelicopter that shouts the shit out of your bronie/spidey/thomas-the-engine oponents, if you are into that.

I played the vanilla game once, and I didn't even get passed the third or fourth Main Quest because I discovered Skyrim could be modded in an infinite number of ways. And being a player that enjoys Role Playing, Immersion, Realism and Survival, I didn't stop adding Mods until I was truly satisfied with my game (or when it crashed too often, ja!).
Is there a Mod that adds new spells? I'll play as a Wizard. Another one improving combat, and another that includes Religion? I'll be a 2H Paladin then, which then corrupts himself with the power of Conjuration and becomes a Lich.
Posibilities are endless, and so are the options to Mod your game.

Tl;dr
Is Skyrim good? Yeah.
Is Skyrim + Mods good? I have no social life because of it.

YES, I GET IT. THAT JOKE RUNNING AROUND: MOD IT UNTIL IT CRASHES!!1!1!!

My laptop isn't the greatest. With an AMD E1, it can barely run Skyrim on lowest settings. However, with that same laptop I'm able to play with (around) 179 Mods installed, and enjoy a different Skyrim experience everytime I start a new game.
I do get the ocassional lag, freeze and CTD (like everyone else), but IMO it isn't that harmful. Give it a try.
Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do.  I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. 

Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now.  The quest system is starting to make sense.  It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. 

Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me.  I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be."  Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good.  I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. 

Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right!  I didn't think I was playing THAT much.  Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it.  I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay.  I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. 

Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long.  The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return.  I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! 

Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.
I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. 

Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds – the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user – but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. 


It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. 

Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. 


Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words – each Shout has three – hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. 

Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. 

Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.

Edit: [url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/WoogieMonster/status/1456684336]CLICK HERE[/url] for a special message about Game-Play Hours.
If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. 

Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrim’s hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.
Take the time to learn how to mod Skyrim and you'll die happy.

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a masterpiece as far as I'm concerned, mods or not. Yes, hardcore Role Playing Game fans will call this piece a 'baby's first RPG' as it's more accessible than other role playing titles like Baldur's Gate II or Planescape: Torment. But, the atmostphere, the music and the famed & extensive Elder Scolls lore are superb. If you still haven't played this gem, do. It's a wonderful Scandinavian-inspired adventure filled to the brim with things to do, from becoming a member of the Thieves Guild of Riften to battling ancient dragon-priests. Hell, I don't think anyone's even completed all of the side quests 7 years on. Incredible game.
It really bothers me to see a lot of the 12,000+ negative reviews about the game due to the workshop. Not all of the reviews, but enough to make the game go from a 96% rating to a 91% rating (@Jizzard <3). These reviews is supposed to be about the GAME not about the Workshop. Yes, it was a cheap way for Steam to get money, and yes it was very angering, but in NO WAY does that make this game bad. The authors of the review even end the review saying that the game is great but give it a negative review due to the workshop war of 2015. 

IT
IS
AN
AMAZING
GAME
I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. 

Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds – the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user – but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. 


It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. 

Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. 


Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words – each Shout has three – hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. 

Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. 

Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
[h1]THE ELDER SCOLLS V: SKYRIM - An open world RPG of epic proportions, a true masterpiece[/h1]

[table]
  [tr]
    [th][h1]|| 9.5 ||[/h1][/th]
    [th]Score[/th]
    [th]Comment[/th]
  [/tr]
  [tr]
    [td]Graphics[/td]
    [td]9[/td]
    [td]Skyrim has a free High Resolution Texture pack available as DLC (and if you can run it I would highly recommend it), but even without the graphics are clean with nice details and textures. Ambient lighting and effects are excellent and the designers have succeeded in creating a diverse and atmospheric landscape. Character creation is good with a lot of customisation possible. All this, however, is completely and utterly eclipsed by what is possible with Mods. With Mods (readily available from the steam workshop) gamers are able to create breathtakingly stunning vistas, highly realistic characters, followers and NPC's. With over 24 thousand mods (at the time of this review) you can change the appearance of or add in pretty much anything you can imagine (the sky really is the limit). There is of course a performance trade-off when applying the ultra high definition textures and graphical mods so I recommend following one of the excellent guides available to find the right balance for you.[/td]
  [/tr]
  [tr]
    [td]Audio[/td]
    [td]9[/td]
    [td]Music is grand and epic, very fitting to the feel of the game. Sound effects and voice acting are both excellent throughout and considering how many characters and quests there are in the world of skyrim this is quite a feat. Personal favourites for voice acting include the aptly named khajiit: M'Aiq the liar and the deranged murderous jester: Cicero.[/td] 
 [/tr]
 [tr]
    [td]Gameplay[/td]
    [td]9[/td]
    [td]Skyrim is a joy to play, its not perfect but its pretty close. Controls are intuitive, responsive and work well with either mouse/keyboard or controller. There are many choices to be made throughout the game with real consequences, factions will favour you or attack you depending on your actions and alignment with other factions. There are many different playstyles and strategies to Skyrim, finding what works best for you is all part of the fun. Skills and abilities progress as you use them so you aren't completely restricted to a class such as mage or ranger, want to use a little bit of magic but also kill with a bow - no problem. Skyrim is often compared to its predecessors (Oblivion and Morrowind) to highlight some of flaws in the game, and while its true to say some of the missions and areas feel overused (oh? another cave filled with draugr you say?) and there are other occasional glitches, considering the massive scope and scale of the game these seem fairly minor. Skryim in certain ways surpasses its predecessors and is at very least well deserving of its place in this legendary series. [/td]
  [/tr]
  [tr]
    [td]Story[/td]
    [td]10[/td]
    [td]So much detail, so much depth, the lore and background to the Elder Scrolls series is second to none. In Skyrim there are huge libraries packed with books containing everything from children's stories to hidden tomes of magic to the history of the lands. Talking to the people you meet tells of their individual struggles and also adds to the overarching story of a land rife with conflict and caught in far reaching changes of which you find your character the center. Skyrim is rich with background and story, as you explore and interact with the characters around you its very easy to feel part of the world. Quests are (with a few minor exceptions) interesting, challenging and varied with each of them building your understanding of the world and your place in it.[/td]
  [/tr]
  [tr]
    [td]Replayability[/td]
    [td]10[/td]
    [td]You only need to look at the number of hours people put into this game to realise how much Skyrim has to offer. Personally I had already completed this game many times before I got it on steam and was still able to get many more hours of enjoyment than the average rpg, I'm sure it wont be the last time I play Skyrim either. Modding here also helps immensely with the community creating a huge collection of different locations, characters and quests. [/td]
  [/tr]
  [tr]
    [td][h1]Overall[/h1][/td]
    [td]9.5[/td]
    [td]An outstanding game, if you haven't tried it then your missing out on a truly amazing gaming experience. The DLC's available (Dragonborn and Dawnguard) are worthwhile playing and some mods will require them (so pick up the GOTY if you can).[/td]
  [/tr]
[/table]

[url=http://steamcommunity.com/id/fancy_fishie/recommended]More reviews by Fancy Fish[/url]
[i]Agree / Disagree? Please leave me a comment[/i]
My mum called asking what I'd been up to today. I told her I'd went for a run, made some new friends, ate food and read a good book. 

She told me she was happy that I was spending my time outdoors rather than playing games on my computer. 

Then I told her I did all of that in Skyrim.﻿ 10/10
Best game I ever bought.

In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me.
The game lets you do whatever you want. 

You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want.

Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either!

You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can  make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do!

Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want.

There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests!

I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it.

Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee!

Enjoy!
Wait I haven't written a review for this yet? What am I? Stupid?
Buckle up dear consumer because this review will change your mind.

Skyrim is my fucking life, This game allows for so many things beyond mortal conception , even after 700 hours of playing this, which I started doing 3 or 4 years ago, there's still tons of monsters, spells, weapons, locations, armor, objects and quests I have never seen, and all of them are made with love and intent.

Now a lot of people will tell you this game is shit and that since Morrowind(elder scrolls III), Bethesda, the company behind these games, has changed alot. People will tell you that Skyrim doesn't have the sense of exploration and arrival that Morrowind had.
I played all Elder scrolls main games but ES2:Daggerfall, and I say that's bullshit. Skyrim might not have the strange setting of mushroom-trees or larvae that bury into your face, or the sense of not fitting into the world you are exploring, but that's ok. Skyrim still does an excellent job at making you not only feel rewarded for exploring, but also at making you WANT to explore. I've seen myself and countless other people, whether they're fully fleshed gamers or total console scrubs or even casual candy crush consumers PURPOSELY not use fast travel and instead just wander through the huge world this game offers.

And that is only a slice of the cake, with Skyrim's two DLCs (both costing more money than the main game for some reason :b) the game gets even more depth, a complete set of new content layered onto your old world and some new, huge areas to explore. Both offer new magic, new weapons, new characters, new quests and new wordls and settings to explore, which is why I would say they're almost like totally different games. Heartfire is a completely different story, but that's not the sweets.

You are probably thinking right now "Jesus, that sure does sound like an awful lot of fun, I won't be done with this under 300 hours of gaming!" and you're right, I'd say a few houndred hours is probably what's going to flow into your first gameplay save. But hear me out: mods.
This game has the most incredible and far reaching modding community on the internet I've EVER seen, and I'm a modding addict, but this game has blown my mind with it's insane fanbase.
In one mod you can rebuild a city, another mod adds 1500 unique and creative spells, another adds 1000 monsters (not exxagerating btw, I have both of these mods installed and it's crazy how well they fit in, I started an almost completely new savefile and got to endgame just because of those mods adding so much new stuff), a different mod let's you rank up in the hirachy until you become the high king of the entire nation of Skyrim, allowing you to build your own kingdom and wage war even further into the elder scrolls lore, effectively fighting the next big threat after the dragon crysis.
And that's not even remotely the tip of the icebirg, that was like an ant's leg cut off and placed onto the top of mount everest, it's nothing.

If you like exploration, combat that doesn't just rely on leveling, seeing a character grow, immersing yourself in a universe different from ours and especially if you like top cut RPGs, buy this game, it will serve you well, trust me, I should know.
For those who dreamed of a game that allowed to cross the woods, discover secrets and explore a world full of dangers and full of opportunities, the release of The Elders Scrolls V: Skyrim is a dream come true. Bethesda improves what has been done with Oblivion, putting a cure realization and amount of content that we never expected. After about forty hours of play, apart from the main quest, we did not come at the head of almost anything, many are content, things to do and those that perhaps we will never make. There is some venial sins and approach the statistics to which we must get used to, but the fact remains that Skyrim is a masterpiece, the kind that has a duty to live if you love RPGs and those video games that only some software companies are still able to do.
TLDR: A very good game that can become a NEAR PERFECT game depending on the mods YOU pick.

Maybe you'll be happy only playing it one time, with one character. Maybe you won't. Maybe you'll get to a point and think, "Maybe I could have done that differently," so you go back to a certain point and try it again. Maybe you'll wonder, "Will the NPCs treat me differently if I play a dark elf, or a khajiit, or an Argonian?" Or maybe you just want to try a Redguard, or Breton, or an Imperial, and see what that's like...

Maybe you'll find an aspect of the game annoying. It could be one of numerous bugs, it could be the simple combat or magic, or the graphics. Maybe you'll decide you're done with Skyrim.

Or maybe you'll realize there are mods.

Mods to fix the bugs (Unofficial Skyrim Patch). To extend the scripting (SKSE). To enhance combat (Duel, Deadly Combat, Ultimate Combat, Combat Evolved, Mortal Enemies). To improve magic use (Better Magic, Enhanced Magic, Empowered Magic). To enhance character creation (Race Menu, Live Another Life, Disparity, Imperious). To improve the interface (SkyUI, A Better World Map). To improve the lighting and graphics (Climates of Tamriel, Realistic Lighting Overhaul). Maybe you'll go all in and try a complete overhaul (Requiem, Perkus Maximus).

Maybe it doesn't stop there.

Something for dragons, something for werewolves, something for vampires, something for Alchemy, Smithing, or Enchanting. Something that makes your game play like a Disney cartoon, or one of the 'better' episodes of 'Game of Thrones'. Something that adds armors and weapons from other games from other worlds, or that blend in so seamlessly that you'll wonder if they've been there all along.

And then it happens. You find one thing in the game that bothers you, that no one has made a mod for. So you make a mod for it. And this is where your epic quest TRULY begins.

Skyim is a good game. Maybe even a great game. But with the right mods, it becomes YOUR GAME. 

At a certain point, you're no longer just playing. You are CREATING.
Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything here - I'll avoid anything story-related beyond the premise. With Skyrim, the stories that come from how the game works are often the best ones.

It's a frozen nation, just to the north of where the previous game, Oblivion, took place. A briefly introduction sets up the plot: Skyrim is in the middle of a revolt, you've been sentenced to death, and dragons have just shown up. Good luck!

At that point, you emerge from a cave into 40 square kilometres of cold and mountainous country, and that's it. Everything else is up to you.
Not all of the landscape is subzero, and even among the frosty climes there's an exciting variety: ice caverns that tinkle with dripping frost crystals, hulking mountains with curls of snow whipped up by the howling wind, coniferous forests in rocky river valleys.

The mountains change everything. Wherever you decide to head, your journey is split between scrambling up treacherous rocks and skidding down heart-stopping slopes. The landscape is a challenge, and travel becomes a game.

It's hard to walk for a minute in any direction without encountering an intriguing cave, a lonely shack, some strange stones, a wandering traveller, a haunted fort. These were sparse and quickly repetitive in Oblivion, but they're neither in Skyrim: it's teeming with fascinating places, all distinct.

These places are the meat of Skyrim, and they're what makes it feel exciting to explore. You creep through them with your heart in your mouth, your only soundtrack the dull groan of the wind outside, to discover old legends, dead heroes, weird artefacts, dark gods, forgotten depths, underground waterfalls, lost ships, hideous insects and vicious traps. It's the best Indiana Jones game ever made.The dragons don't show up until you do the first few steps of the game's main quest, so it's up to you whether you want them terrorising the world as you wander around. A world where you can crest a mountain to find a 40-foot flying lizard spitting jets of ice at the village below is a much more interesting one to be in. But fighting them never changes much: you can just ignore them until they land, then shoot them from a distance when they do.

Your first dragon kill is a profound, weird moment. I rushed to the crashed carcass to loot it, then looked up. The whole town had come out to stand around and stare at the body, a thing as vast and alien to them as a T-rex in a museum.


There is also a level up system. When that happens, you get a perk point: something you can spend on a powerful improvement to a skill you particularly like. Every hour, you're making a major decision about your character's abilities.

They're dramatic. The first point you put into Destruction magic lets you stream jets of flame from your hands for twice as long as before. As you continue to invest in one skill, you can get more interesting tweaks: I now have an Archery perk that slows down time when I aim my bow, and one for the Sneak skill that lets me do a stealthy forward roll.

Again, the freedom is dizzying: every one of 18 skills has a tree of around 15 perks, and the range of heroes you could build is vast. I focused on Sneak to the point of absurdity - now I'm almost invisible, and I get a 3,000% damage bonus for backstabs with daggers. It's the play style I've always wanted in an RPG, but I've never been able to achieve it before. The enemies you encounter are, in some cases, generated by the game to match the level of your character. In Oblivion that sometimes felt like treading water: progress was just a stat increase, and your enemies kept pace. That doesn't apply now that your character is defined more by his or her perks, because the way you play is always changing.

Levelled content is also just used less: at level 30, my most common enemies are still bandits with low-level weapons. And I still run into things too dangerous for me to tackle.

Taking a narrow mountain path to a quest, something stops me in my tracks: a dragon roar. I check the skies - nothing, but I hear it again three more times before the peak.

At the top I find a camp full of bodies, with a large black bear roaring over them. Hah. He's still more than I can handle in straight combat, but as he reaches me I use a Dragon Shout. It befriends any animal instantly, and he saunters casually away. Feeling slightly guilty, I stab him in the back before it wears off.

Which is when the dragon lands, with an almighty crash, six feet from my face. I RUN!

One tweak is a huge loss, though: you can't design your own spells. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops.

While we're on the negatives, physical combat hasn't improved much. There are cinematic kill moves when your enemy is low on health, but whether they trigger seems to be either random or dependent on whether the pre-canned animation fits into the space you're in. Too much of the time, you wave your weapon around and enemies barely react to the hits.

The exception is archery: bows are now deliciously powerful, and stealth shots can skewer people in one supremely satisfying thwunk.

What does improve the general combat is a feature I didn't quite expect: you can hire or befriend permanent companions. I did a minor favour for an elf at the start of the game that earned me his loyalty for the next 40 hours of play. Sidekicks add a wild side to fights: an arrow from nowhere can end a climactic battle, or a misplaced Dragon Shout can accidentally knock your friend into an abyss.

The Dragon Shouts, gained by exploration and killing dragons, are like a manlier version of conventional magic. One can send even a Giant flying, one lets you breathe fire, another makes you completely invincible for a few seconds. Even the one for befriending furry animals is macho: it can turn four bears and a wolf pack into obedient pets with one angry roar. The main quests themselves are mostly good: a happy mix of secrecy, adventure, and exploring incredible new places. One location, which I won't spoil, got an actual gasp. But then there's an abysmal stealth mission that seems to work on a logic entirely its own: guards spot you from miles away, despite facing the wrong direction. And the boss dragons it keeps throwing at you never get any more interesting to fight - adding more hitpoints just makes the repetition even harder to ignore.

Everywhere else, the quests are magnificent. Chance encounters lead to sprawling epics that take you to breathtaking locations, uncover old secrets, and pull interesting twists. Even the faction quests are better here. It feels like Bethesda realised these became the main quest for many players, and built on that for Skyrim. They start small, but each one unravels into a larger story with higher stakes. Some of them feel like the personal epic that the main quest has always failed to be. These aren't engine issues, though. Skyrim is based on tech Bethesda built specially for it, rather than the middleware engine used by Oblivion and Fallout 3. It's a lean, swift, beautiful thing. New lighting techniques and a fluffy sort of frozen fog give the world a cold sparkle, and the previously puffy faces are sharp, mean and defined. Even load times are excitingly quick. On maximum settings, it runs at 30-40 frames per second on a PC that runs Oblivion at 50-60 - a decent trade off for the increase in scenery porn.

The games we normally call open worlds - the locked off cities and level-restricted grinding grounds - don't compare to this. While everyone else is faffing around with how to control and restrict the player, Bethesda just put a country in a box. It's the best open world game I've ever played, the most liberating RPG I've ever played, and one of my favourite places in this or any other world.

In case I'm not getting it across, this is a thumbs-up.
TO ALL THE PEOPLE NOT ABLE TO FIND DLC'S TO ORIGINAL SKYRIM AND MAKING NEGATIVE REVIEWS

https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dawnguard/
https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dragonborn/




or just by them all on G.,2.,A for extremely low price
also i have to add those dots or else steam will blurr the word
My mum called asking what I'd been up to today. I told her I'd went for a run, made some new friends, ate food and read a good book. She told me she was happy that I was spending my time outdoors rather than playing games on my computer. Then I told her I did all of that in Skyrim.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
-Bought the game when it was on sale
-Spent 15 seconds on customization
-Went to Riverwood and punched a chicken, and whole village tries to kill me
-Saw a Giant camp, but I was a pu$$y
-Stole some Cheese wheels
-Spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ivarstead
-Stole some Cheese wheels
-Encountered an Frost Troll (Ate some Cheese wheels)
-Went to Riften, met Brynjolf and mastered the art of stealing cheese wheels
-Killed some dragons here and there
-Stole some cheese wheels
-Stole some more cheese wheels
-Went to Sovngarde, killed Alduin
-Became the hero of Skyrim
-Came back and stole all the cheese wheels

Cheese wheel simulator: 9/10

Moral of story: Take all the cheese wheels (Seriously though, they give you 15 health and you don't need to make it at a cooking place)
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game that needs no introduction, and is still one of the most played games on Steam when you account for its two versions. A somewhat polarizing game, there are some that love it and some that hate it. Is it actually any good though? This is what I think of the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.

In short, hell to the yes. Skyrim is my favourite ever game, beating out some serious competition to claim its place as number one in my heart. It'll probably stay that way too. Skyrim is a great game on its own, something much of the internet forgets in their annoyance at its enduring popularity but Skyrim with mods...that's what makes it truly unforgettable. With its fascinating world, plethora of quests, places to explore, houses to buy and guilds to join as well as the mods adding whole new lands and quests, this is the game that never ends. And will never die.

The story in Skyrim gets quite a bit of flak, and while it is a fairly routine save the world affair, it's a good one. You start off as a prisoner, because Bethesda has a secret fetish for prisoners, before rising up as a hero and saviour of the land. After an explosive start to the game, you are thrust out into the world and learn you are the Dragonborn, a mortal with the soul of a dragon. You are part of a prophecy, one that claims you'll save the world from the dragons, and importantly the first dragon, Alduin. It's grand, it's epic and I really like this one.

In Skyrim, the gameplay loop is one of the most satisfying I've played. I always found it kind of silly you can only level up in RPG's by completing quests and being given a set amount of XP. Skyrim continues the Elder Scrolls tradition of doing away with that. You have a variety of skills open to you, focused on three main styles. Warrior skills include your standard blocking, one and two handed, heavy armour and smithing. Mage skills have an array of defensive and offensive magic and there are thief skills like sneaking, pickpocketing and lockpicking. You level up by just using these skills, allowing you to invest perk points in your chosen skills. 

The skill system is something old school Elder Scrolls fans didn't like, as they felt it dumbed the game down. I like to call it streamlined, and I actually think this system is better than the old, tired and archaic skill and leveling system found in its predecessors. Instead of being forced to use certain skills to boost certain attributes, you simply could use what you wanted to level in, assign some perk points that enhanced that skill, and put points in three attributes instead: health, magic and stamina. Gone are the usual strength, endurance and intelligence for this streamlined system. It works, and although I would have done it differently, I do think it's better than the old. 

The world is one of the highlights of Skyrim, and is such a wonderfully crafted open-world. Completely free to explore after the opening mission, you can go anywhere and do anything. Feel like being a better warrior? Go clear out some dungeons. Want to join a guild? Do that and finish the guild quest-lines. Fancy some powerful artifacts? Do the Daedric quests. Want to pick a direction and see what you find? Do that. The world is packed with stuff to do and places to see. It's the game's biggest strength and I simply love exploring Skyrim. 

With Skyrim Bethesda introduced the radiant quest system which is generally hated on. I actually really like it but to a point. It really enhances the feeling of your character having a profession, allowing you to perform routine quests for a guild for instance. But that shouldn't come at the expense of strong side quests, and Skyrim suffers from this. There are plenty of great side quests to complete but many resort to the radiant system of go here and kill that, come back for a reward kind of deal. It's one of its weak points. 

I could go on and on about the vanilla game, easily hitting the character limit but I'd prefer to address instead the one thing that truly makes this game special...the mods. There are so many mods to choose, from simple graphics overhauls and textures, to ones that enhance the weather in Skyrim, right down to armour and weapons mods. There are also a number of large new land and quest mods to pick, as well as complete overhauls. I could write a hundred reviews worth of mods and not be done. I'll instead recommend some essentials. SKSE is required, SkyUI, Interesting NPC's, The Notice Board, Ordinator, Immersive Armours and Weapons, Hunterborn, Frostfall and Campfire, Wildcat and Honed Metal. Those are just some of my essentials, and there are hundreds more. Skyrim can be modded to be anything you need it to be and can provide you with thousands of more hours of content. For free. 

Negatives. Yep, even my favourite game has flaws. Many. Combat is pretty uninspired but I really wouldn't have it any other way. Dark Souls it is not, but it does the job. The magic system is a step back from the last game, taking away the ability to invent new spells and hurting that aspect of the game in favour of more flair. Enemy AI are beyond stupid, especially whilst sneaking. The quests, as mentioned above, are often nothing more than fetch quests, although the game does have a selection of quests to rival any title out there. There aren't any notable characters in the game, none that can hold a candle to a Geralt of Rivia, Garrus Vakarian or a Varric Tethras, which is a shame.

I only briefly mentioned the guilds in this write up but they suffer from being far too short. The civil war quest-line was gutted in terms of features, leaving an unremarkable series of battles in its wake. All four of the other guilds are fantastic, even the College of Winterhold, but there just isn't enough of those guilds before it's all over. You join up, do a few quests and suddenly you are the leader. It's rushed as hell, and can't hold a candle to Oblivion's masterclass in how to do guild quest-lines. Oblivion's guilds with Skyrim's repeatable quests after the arc is over, enhanced to be more sophisticated, would be an unstoppable combination.  There are also, bugs. Lots and lots of bugs. It's Bethesda, of course there's bugs. 

Despite that, Skyrim is and probably always will be my favourite game of all time. I still play it today, and with the vast number of mods out there, some that I've still not played, the game really is endless. Making new characters and writing fan-fiction about them before, during and after the events of the game is a new pleasure of mine. I'm hopelessly in love with this game, and the series, and hope you are too. If you are one of the two people that haven't played this game yet, don't. It'll consume your life like it did mine. And I'm ok with that.
this is the True Skyrim the "Skyrim Special Edition" is the Micro Transaction Version that claims to be Betterlooking But with the right mods you can get the original Skyrim looking better than the special edition, and if you want the Version of Skyrim that Doesn't nickle and dime you, and has access to the Most Mods get this version.
College: Broke, unemployed, antisocial, depressed - $100,000
Skyrim: Billionaire, own mansions, married, have children, loved by everyone in the world - $8

"10/10 would dropout again" - Bill Gates
steam is trying to take this game from us and replace my baby with skyrim se whell they cant if your reading this than you have found it on steam good job but i bet your wondering weres the dlc well steam has tried to take it from us but they cannot hide from me forever for i ^6Grimstar14³ have found them in the depth and the dark side of steam









































https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/72850/ here ya go
Probably one of the best rp games out there, it starts you off with no information about the main character allowing you to build him as you see fit. Only other game would be Fallout New Vegas for its clean slate no story already laid out for you like Fallout 3 and 4. Both Skyrim and New Vegas allow you to be whoever you want because you start both games off with little or no back story ( Idk about other elder scrolls they probably like Skyrim also "freedom" wise but I never played any other). 

All I have to say it's a fantastic game, Way better than Fallout 4 in tons of ways performance wise and content. Ive replayed the game 100 times and I still find places or people Ive never seen or met before. Not only that, the DLC's are wonderful as well and modded questlines and items give you 1000 different ways to play.

You could be a noble knight
or maybe a thief
a mage 
a spell sword
an assassin
an archer
a ranger
a hunter
a vampire
a werewolf
a bandit
a tomb raider
a soldier 
a trader
the obvious dragon slayer
a vampire/werewolf hunter 
a drug dealer
a blacksmith
a bard especially with mods
a mercenary
a priest

All these things and anything else you can imagine you can be, make up any back story you want and ta da, a whole new game to play. This game is by far my favorite game of all time.
While I was peacefully walking through Skyrim forest, I met four bandits. These courageous fellas weren't embarassed by the fact that I was wearing Dark Brotherhood armor and that I had legendary daedric artifacts in my hands, so they decided to attack me. 
I used Storm Call shout and summoned heavy rain with deadly bolts of lightning which were striking bandits every few seconds. First bandit fell on the ground dead, and I immediately started to feed on his corpse, because I was wearing The Ring of Namira, then I sliced another bandit with the Mace of Molag Bal and trapped his soul inside one of many soul gems in my inventory. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? The other two bad guys weren't scared by those terrifying, brutal, disgusting and supernatural actions I was doing. They were bold and dedicated, they were fighting like lions. and they died bravely on the battlefield moments later.
I will never forget those strong-willed daredevils. They will be greeted like heroes in Sovngarde, and when my soul joins them and other warriors in The Hall of Valor, I will drink a toast to those bandits!
> Be the chosen hero
> Discover fishing and butterfly catching
> Travel the lands searching for the greatest salmon
> Ignore the path of destruction left by world-destroying dragon god
> Find 1-hit dagger
> 1-hit world-destroying dragon god
> Find the perfect salmon
10/10, would fish again
[b]this game has a really wonderful and cute character customization![/b]
[h1](don't worry it has lot of ugly options too)
[b]so you'll be able to make exact copy of yourself c=
Bethesda Makes a Remastered Version of this Masterpiece even though we all want to marry Serana.

EDIT: Bethesda should make killing Nazeem not a crime 

EDIT 2: Readying my cash for Elder scrolls 6
Enter drinking competition
Pass out
Wake up in a temple
Clean up mess
Recover goat from giant
Kill spouse-to-be to get wedding ring
Go to fortress
Enter portal
Meet the Daedric Prince of debauchery
Get a cool staff

10/10 would get drunk again

Well, I think it's time I do a review about Skyrim,after all is one of the games I have played most ^^ (I also have like 700+ hs on it when I played in console)...Now,let's begin

I have to say this, Skyrim rediscovered the way I see video games, and I owe the appreciation I have to RPG's and The Elder Scrolls Saga

[h1]Introduction[/h1]

The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim is set in Tamriel,one of the biggest,overwhelming and deph universes I had the pleassure to see.Everything from the races to the lore itself makes one to know more about the world they are playing in

Having played Oblivion and Morrowind,one easily realises that the game has suffered an important casualization in many of it's mechanics.Nevertheless,Bethesda achieved in building a game that can be friendly with new players and introduce them to the TES universe and deliver the series' followers a game more than deserving of it's name

[h1]Gameplay[/h1]

The Elder Scrolls have always been games that gives the player full freedom in the way they want to develop their characters,it's personality,the way they fight,the allies and foes they have,just everithing and Skyrim is not an exception.Although Skyrim simplified the way you interact with NPC's and their routines,it's not something to worry about 

The game has for me,one of the, if not the best, character pogression system I've seen in an RPG.It consist in several abilities,some are passives like Speech or Smithing,and some others involve combat like Marksman or Destruction,so the more you use them,the faster they will level up.This feels fresh instead of the ordinary XP system where you have to kill enemies or complete quests in order to progress and gives Skyrim a much more immersive feeling of progression

[h1]Visuals[/h1] 

I think it would be unfair to compair a 2011 game with recent ones although you can mod it to madness to get better graphics,so I will just review the artistic side of Skyrim

From the frozen mountain peaks to the vast tundra,Skyrim performs a varied and huge region where to forge your own stories and where it will take time to get bored of.Bethesda did a great work in making this province come to life,as it did with previus TES games

[h1]Sound[/h1]

The soundtrack composed by Jeremy Soule,author of many other magnific works,is one you will never forget,every TES game has to have the perfect music to every situation and Skyrim did it extraordinarily
I mean, you get to feel that warmy and friendly atmosphere of an inn and the thrill of every battle

[h1]Story[/h1]

Story may be one of Skyrim's weak point,by this I not mean that it's bad,but it could be much better.However,its epic and memorable

Another downside of this aspect is that you have almost zero fredom of choice during the main quest,it's too linear compared to,for example: The Witcher 2 game that was also launched in 2011

I still prefer Oblivion's or Morrowind's story,in which your weren't the center of the universe and was fuller of mistery and discoverment

[h1]Mods[/h1]

In my opinion,this game has the best and biggest modding community out there,huge textures,ENB's,better models,animations,quests,fixes,new stories,new weapons and armors and furthermore 
Posibilities are just endless and gameplay hours can be multiplied by infinite

[h1]Conclussion[/h1]

Writing this review made me realize one thing: I can't review an Elder Scrolls game. It's my favorite video game saga and I would never be capable of describing with words how much I love it. Sometimes I may complain about some weak points it has, but those are absolutely nothing compared to the good things that makes it The Elder Scrolls, so then I go back to Tamriel and get immersed in this awesome universe and forget about everything.
I like Skyrim but I love modded Skyrim. Skyrim is a great, fun game even with the its many bugs and issues and disappointments.

[b]The Good: [/b][list]
[*][u]Environment[/u] – The world is beautiful. There is always something to stumble upon as you make your way around the world. There is always something beckoning you to see what’s on the other side of that hill, ruin, mountain, river, lake, dungeon, tower, campsite. Bethesda is great at world building.
[*][u]Exploration[/u] – The environment makes you want to explore; to see what’s around this corner or what’s in that cave or ruin. Simply walking around the world is so enjoying.
[*][u]Soundtrack[/u] – Exploring with Jeremy Soule’s soundtrack in your ears is perfect. Bethesda never seems to miss when it comes to their game’s soundtracks.
[*][u]Customization[/u] – Crafting, cooking, and enchanting wonderfully implemented into the game. Also, you can be whatever you want to be in the game which is a pro and also a con. You can be an Orc thief who is a master of sneak which is great. What’s not so great is that there are no penalties due to being an Orc.
[*][u]Perks and Leveling[/u] – While the vanilla perks aren’t to the level of mods like PerMa or Ordinator, they are still decent. Leveling is also much improved compared to Oblivion. In Skyrim the more you use a skill, the better it is which is far better than the micromanaging of skill usage in Oblivion 
[*][u]Modding and Its Community[/u] – Without modding, the negatives of the game would not be correctable. The modding community is still active and creating wonderous things that make you wonder why they were never part of the base game.[/list]

[b]The Needs Improvement: [/b][list]
[*][u]Magic[/u] – The spells are just OK. Spell scaling is weak and make playing as a pure mage very difficult.  The spells themselves aren’t very interesting either. Mods like Apocalypse – Spells of Skyrim and Lost Grimoire of Skyrim make magic a valid character to play.
[*][u]Role-Playing[/u] – There are role-playing elements, but role-playing is placed mostly on the player. You have to role-play the situations and create your own story and limitations since the game does not really allow for choice.
[*][u]Your Impact[/u] – At the end of the day, nothing you do matters. You can be leader of every guild, savior of Skyrim, ender of civil wars, and destroyer of vampire clans, and the people will still treat you like you have something to prove. What you do isn’t really acknowledged and nothing you do changes anything. 
[*][u]Crafting and Enchanting[/u] – While crafting and enchanting are great, they are easily exploited and require the player to show self-restraint. You are basically forced into using perks points in these areas to keep your character strong enough to face the level scaled enemies.
[*][u]The Civil War[/u] – War is hell and that’s all the people talk about, yet you never really see signs of it. In the vanilla game, you really don’t get to see the devastation a civil war would cause the populous and the land. Imperials and Stormcloaks aren’t fighting each other. There aren’t skirmishes happening across the land. Nothing. You need mods like Immersive Patrols and Open Civil War to correct some of this.
[*][u]Factions and Their Quests[/u] – The faction quests are weak or ridiculous. You can become the Harbinger leading the Companions within a week of joining while also forcing you to be a werewolf! The Thieves Guild quests have less to do with thieving and more to do with fighting as well as forcing you to give your soul to a damn Deadra! The Mages guild quests can be done without ever really using magic.
[*][u]The Power Fantasy problem[/u] – Not every game has to be a power fantasy.[/list]

[b]Conclusion: [/b]
Even with everything listed in the needs improvement section, Skyrim is still a great and wonderful game. A weak story with no choice or consequences and hand holding fetch quests doesn’t detract from this. The modding community has fixed most, if not all, of the glaring issues in the game. With mods, you are able to play unique and complex playstyles, new dungeons, new lands, new perks, new magic, new weapons, interesting quests, engaging NPCs and companions, improved homes, varying enemies and creatures, and many, many, many quality of life improvements. I love this game and I love modding it. Looking for mods is almost as enjoyable as playing the game.
Now I've only played 15 hours so far, but it's great.
After the first couple hours, I stole a plate.
And another.
I now have 47 plates.
I can't get caught by the guards or they'll take all my plates
And I don't have enough money to buy a house to store my porcelain treasures
And if I get a bounty, I can't go into a city to buy a house
So I have to carry 20 pounds of plates wherever I go
Each Plate is a fine addition to my collection
(I'll update this review when I buy a house to store my [strike] precious[/strike], my plates

Edit: turns out I have 70 plates, that's 35 pounds of plates. This is becoming a problem

Edit 2: It started as a hobby, then an obsession to an addiction, I now have 217 plates. that's a 108.5 fecking pounds. That weight is nearly 1/3 of my 340 carry weight. I've gone over the carry weight so many times I've had to down potions worths 100s of gold each just to lose weight so I could fast travel away. I've probably hindered so much of my first playthrough by being Unable to use a third of my inventory. The worst part is, I've invested in stealth, but can't get caught or all my plates will be taken, just like my kids. Karen please.

Edit 3: forgot to ask, how to buy house, this is becoming a burden
Flash back to November 10th 2011, high school senior, 18 years old. I had requested the weekend off from my job at Burger King. It's approaching midnight and I'm in line to pick up my legendary Xbox 360 version of Skyrim. On my way home I stop to grab a four pack of Monster and a large bag of Funyuns. I make it home and pop the disc in, I'm instantly flooded with chills as I hear the low rumbling of the title theme. For the next 36 hours I do nothing but binge this game. I skipped school, only took bathroom breaks and scarf down dinner, as to not waste more time than need be. I'm immersed in the world. I am a true son of Skyrim. I AM DRAGONBORN! Flash forward to the present. I own Skyrim on PC and I've modded the ever living hell out of it for a few years now. Skyrim is a game to stand the test of time, largely due to the community that still creates mods to this day. Needless to say, Skyrim is one of my all time favorite games ever!
After 7 years and 1020 hours of play, I feel the duty to write a few lines on Skyrim.
I played constantly. I played without haste. I can proudly say that I have enjoyed every moment in this extraordinary fragment of the Mundus.
I deliberately left several quests untouched with the aim to leave Tamriel with the certainty of not having seen everything, with the certainty that my adventure in Skyrim has gone much further than a simple game. Thanks to everyone who made it possible.
May the paths of Aetherius lead us one day towards Sovngarde.

PS: A special thanks to the community of Nexus, which gave voice to the imagination of all lovers of the Ancient Scrolls: I really hope that Bethesda will continue to guarantee this kind of freedom on the game for the next titles.
Skyrim is, without a doubt, one of the most epic games ever made. Whether you're a fan of role-playing games or not this title will appeal to you regardless. Yes...it's that good! Unless you have the time to play twelve hours a day seven days a week then the basic game will keep you occupied for many many months on end. Add to that the content from the ever growing mod community and this is a game that you could potentially play FOREVER! Ultra recommended!!!
if you want it, there's a mod for it.
if you don't want it, there's a mod for it.
if you mod it (way too much), there's a chance to break it.

The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim.
Why write a review on a 6 year old game?

First I should make it clear how much I love this game, it ranks with Borderlands 2 at the top of my most fun RPG list.

I was asked the other day, why pay nearly three times as much for the old version when the new one's the same?

The answer really is simple, Google 'Skyrim Mods', many are listed on Steam, other's on the Nexus or on a multitude of other sites. 

There are so many tallented people who have put time and effort into writing mods that turn Skyrim into pretty much anything you could think of. 

Mods to make it an immersive, hardcore survival exercise or maybe lazing by the pool surrounded by sex slaves is your idea of fun, play as a Vampire, a Werewolf, a Succubus, a Slave, a Wolf living with your pack in the wild or just as a human. Of course you can play the main game, which is fun enough on it's own for a while.

There are some mods available for the new version if you have it, but in my opinion the bulk of them won't be converted because the people who wrote them have moved on, I hope to be proved wrong though.

Bugs and Glitches are abundant, before buying either version you have to be aware of the bugs, both in the game and the mods, and between different mods.

Sounds bad HuH! The reality is all games (all complex programs really) have bugs, some more obvious than others but they're there.

The thing with Skyrim is the wealth of information available and the amount of time the community has put into patches and support pages, it's a 5+ year old game after all. It doesn't take much looking to find over a million hours amongst the patches and mods written for this game.

Skyrim is a big game by any standard, there's 100+ hours no matter which order you play the quests and if the highest difficulty isn't hard enough just add more mods, or just go live in a cave, do what you want, and ignore the game completely.

At the time of writing, the total price of the game is about US$55, is that too much? It's up to you.

Some of these and many mods are on Steam the others are "off Steam" so google will find them without me plugging any websites:

Alternate Start: Live Another Life
Better Vampires
CBBE and Bodyslide
Bathing Beauties and Beefcakes Luxury suite
Deviously Cursed Loot
Slaverun Reloaded
Player Succubus Quest
More Nasty Critters
The same website will also have
the Beastess mod.

These wll have Dependancies, that is,
other mods that must also be installed to support them.

There are also a basic set of mods and
software utilities you can use as a base setup.

Some of these are already available for Skyrim SE.
It's 2017 and I am still hooked on this game. Thanks to mods, Skyrim will have near endless replayability as you'll have new stuff to try out every time you install a new mod. I can't reccomend Skyrim enough, but to get the same playtime out of it as I (the 600 odd hours that I have as of writing this), you would definitely need access to mods.
Latest game in the Elder Scrolls series (prior to Elder Scrolls Online), many elements of the game have been dumbed down and/or streamlined for more casual gamers to get into it. If you ignore all the great things from previous games though this game stands on it's own merits as a fun romp through a sandbox world.

The singlular reason to buy this game on steam rather than on the console is the capablity to be modded. Check the Steam Workshop and the Nexusmods for details on that.

You are in control - you can change the difficutly at any time, you can install whatever mods you want to make the game more enjoyable. Anything you want you can do. If you want to challange yourself, legendary difficutly + difficutly enhancing mods exist. If you want it easy, then novice difficutly lets you hack and slash your way through the story and of course there are all shades in between.

Swords, Maces, Bows/Crossbows, Shields, Dual Wielding, Magic, and more. Play the way you want that's the name of the game. Your experience is what you make of it, imagine you are in a story and play that way!
I love Skyrim and all but what the fuck
why did you have to hide all the goddamn DLCs, I am not going to buy special edition just to have DLCs on my game :I
especially when special edition breaks all the mods i use lmfao



This is, at the time of this review, the best damn game I've ever played.

It runs surprisingly well on my ancient computer (better than Minecraft - how the heck is that possible?). It looks amazing. There are all sorts of ways to play through it - no classes to chose from, just whatever style you like. Your character race doesn't hinder you - there are only various bonuses, not any penalties, to all of them. If you want, you can skip the main storyline (and avoid the associated dragon attacks, if you're too much of a milk-drinker to handle them) and become an archmage, the leader of a mercenary band, a master thief, or the greatest assassin to ever live. Heck, if you really want, you can just wander from town to town, picking crops for farmers and drinking your nights away at taverns.

There are countless dungeons, caves, forts, and ruins to explore, ranging from small to enormous (Blackreach could almost be its own game!). Many are linked to quests, but many are also just there if you feel like exploring the huge world of Skyrim.

Unlike many games with DLC, the main expansions for Skyrim (Dawnguard and Dragonborn) are actually worthwhile and I highly recommend getting (Hearthfire...eh, not so much). Fans of Morrowind will love visiting Solstheim in Dragonborn - personally, I prefer it over Skyrim itself.

That said...the game does have a few...issues.

I'll be honest: it's buggy. Like, there are obscene numbers of bugs. Normally this would be a deal-breaker for me and a game, but Skyrim is so amazing that it makes up for it. Still, you'll want to save often, because while most bugs are minor (a miscellaneous quest being impossible to finish, for example, leaving it in your quest log and messing with your OCD), some are game-breaking. The severe bugs are fairly rare, though. And since you're playing on PC, you have access to the glorious console commands that can fix nearly any problem - just consult the Elder Scrolls wiki and most issues can be handled easily enough. There's plenty of mods that fix things, too.

The game is almost TOO huge. There are so many quests available that you might become paralyzed with indecision regarding what to do next. It feels weird to be like "hang on, I'll continue trying to save the world AFTER I help this old man find a magic bottle". Those with OCD and 100% completion complexes might have a hard time with this game...I swear, I'm all but compelled to pick every flower I see on the roadside while traveling for sweet, sweet alchemy.

Some features can be annoying or downright terrible. Random dragon attacks can kill NPCs, yes, but despite what some people whine about, they are NOT super-common. If you have Dawnguard, though, random vampire attacks on towns can really screw things up by killing important NPCs - I highly recommend getting a mod to stop them (there's also mods for reducing/stopping dragon attacks). With the mod, Dawnguard is great (crossbows are amazing). Without it, it's infuriating.

The game can range from being insanely difficult (enemies generally are leveled to the player, but some dungeons/quests just seem far too difficult for your character at times...I'm looking at you, Proving Honor) to ridiculously easy (once you're level 50 or so, you're virtually a god unless you've only leveled up non-combat skills). My recommendation for new players is to start on Adapt difficulty (the default) and crank it up whenever you go a day or two without fearing for your life. Lower difficulties are for wimps...unless the game bugs out and sends an Ancient Dragon at you when you're in your 20's (theoretically shouldn't happen...but over the 4000+ hours I've played this game, I've seen a lot of "impossible" stuff happen).

Followers can help you immensely, especially at low levels when you're still all squishy (word of advice: avoid bears until you're at least level 15 or so. They're more dangerous than dragons to low-level characters. Seriously). But their AI can be...let's say, special, at times. If you're both melee characters, you'll often have them gleefully running in front of your attacks. Mage followers might decide to cast Chain Lightning, which hits the target and any other nearby people - including you, if you're close enough. They don't know how to handle certain terrain or dungeons, so you may have to have them wait at the entrance for you to come back, or send them home. Still, some of them are very likable (especially Serana in the Dawnguard DLC), and there's so many that you're bound to find a good sidekick if you'd rather not travel Skyrim alone.

But overall, Skyrim is amazing, and like I said, the best game ever made thus far. If you want to play something that will easily occupy you for literally hundreds of hours, this is it.

Talos guide you.
10/10.  My favorite game of all time.  I did not receive any kind of sale on this game, but instead bought it for the full $40 or so.  I would do it again.  So worth it.

Then again, it was kind of my introduction to gaming.  But let's get into it.  I apologize for the lengthy review, but my love for this game is unending.

Glitches: The only true negative remark I have about this game.  There are a lot of bugs (and no, I don't mean torchbugs).  It's typical of Bethesda.  But the thing is, I almost like the game better with them.  It's kind of a familiarity thing - trademark of Skyrim - and it's oftentimes hilarious.  The only dangerous bug, really, is game crashes.  These don't happen super often for me, but they can screw up your progress if you're not careful.  Easy fix: Save often.

Graphics: Beautiful.  I mean, this world is gorgeous.  No matter if you play the vanilla game - the scenery is just breathtaking!  Textures are gorgeous too.  I love walking around and just inspecting every little thing and just appreciating the detail (probably why I've spent over 450 hours in-game).  Skyrim runs perfectly on my laptop, which has an i5 6200U CPU that runs at about 2.4Ghz and has an Intel HD 520 graphics card.  This is a higher-end game that works on low-end machines.  People are beautiful, too, by the way.  The faces of Oblivion and Morrowind - God bless them - were horrific without mods, but vanilla Skyrim has some of the most appealing visages out there.  If you've played TES III and IV, you'll see that the Khajiit and Argonian faces have dramatically improved.

World: Vast.  Skyrim is huge.  I can't say for certain how much bigger it is, but as I believe, it's bigger than Oblivion.  You can GET LOST in Skyrim.  That's the joy of it.  It's also everlastingly beautiful.  Everything: Trees, water, sky (with weather, mind you), towering white peaks, endless meadows, serene snowy woods.  Grazing elk, thundering mammoths, and...of course...dragons.  Horses are also another big plus.  They're artfully designed, strong, and perfect for crossing the province. 
 And everywhere you go, you can usually hear wind.  It just FEELS cold to walk through Skyrim (as it should!).  And when you go inside, the fires always seem warmer than a screen image ever should.

Story: Fantastic!  This is perhaps the best part of Skyrim.  You can be whomever you wish, do whatever you wish, and go wherever you wish.  If you want to just strike off after the intro and never complete another main storyline quest, you can.  Or you can follow the main quest all the way through and get some awesome content and lore and meet intriguing characters.  Whichever way you choose (and I've traversed most of the paths), the ending will actually be satisfying.  You will leave with closure, but the world will still be there to explore further, as always.

Lore: Rich.  Books can be found everywhere - in libraries, homes, caves, chests, in the pockets of wistful Stormcloak guards...And they are replete with history and lore about Tamriel and so much more.  There are some books from previous TES games as well as new ones.  Then there are personal journals of madmen and leaders, history lessons from various wise folk, and events you hear about that are definite Easter eggs to previous Elder Scrolls games.  Of course, there are also tomb carvings you can try to decipher or just stare at in confusion.  They tell a story too, though.  The politics of Skyrim during the fourth era really spice things up, too.

AI: NPCs in Skyrim have some pretty good AI capabilities.  In its time, especially, this was probably one of the aspects of the game that set it apart.  Even now, 7 years later, the NPCs are still pretty advanced.  They're great!  Sure, everybody tries to tell you what they do for a living, their deepest fears, their biggest dreams, even if you don't give a crap...but they're interesting - and varied.  That's one thing that Morrowind especially lacked: Variation in its NPC dialogue.  And every individual Skyrim is different - not just every class.  You talk to Ysolda in Whiterun, and you'll find she's very different from a merchant in, say, Riften.

Combat/mechanics:  Fighting feels smooth and impactful.  Every blow you deal feels solid, and every arrow sinks in just right.  Sprinting is a really nice feature that Oblivion and Morrowind don't have.  This may be one aspect where I give a tiny thumbs-down (like, grasshopper-tiny).  In this game, in normal difficulty, you can literally hack at something until it dies, or shoot it a million times with your steel arrows until it finally succumbs to your superior button-smashing.  However, the real fun comes when you put the difficulty on master or legendary - then all that flies out the window.  Then you actually have to think about what you're doing and use your weapon, the environment, and your knowledge to eliminate foes.  So, really, not a thumbs-down at all.

Dungeons: I love a good bandit raid.  Puzzles, however, could use some touching up.  If you're looking for a game that challenges your intellect, this really isn't it.  You can technically get through every dungeon just by plowing through.  You have to personally force yourself not to in order to challenge yourself with the puzzles.  I don't personally think they're that hard.  You might like them, though.  I just want the gold at the end; I really don't care how hard it is to reach.

Realism: This game can be incredibly realistic.  The look of it, the feel of it, the interactions with NPCs - all of it creates a very tangible world.  With mods, that can be exponentially outdone.  And that's another thing - Skyrim is an insanely moddable game.  There are hundreds of mods on nexusmods that improve textures, interaction, mechanics, and realistic living.  My only gripe at the realism of the game is in the degradation of items.  Armor and weapons last forever, which isn't realistic at all.  In Oblivion and Morrowind both, you had to repair items or they would be broken and not have any usefulness.  But I believe there's a mod to compensate for that, so I can't complain.

Versatility: You can be whomever you want.  This game is top-notch for creative minds like mine who long for stories within stories, worlds within worlds.  There are all ten races to choose from, and each one is incredibly customizable.  As far as who you become, the system is rigged so that whatever you physically DO in the game, you progress in.  If you use a bow a lot, you gain in archery.  If you mix a lot of potions (or skooma, admit it), you gain alchemy skills.  It's fun to play through exclusively as a warrior, work out all the kinks of that profession, then start all over again with a new character and practice magic exclusively.  You can actually do everything in one go, in fact.  My first playthrough, I started out as a warrior, then became a thief, then joined the Dark Brotherhood, then became a mage.  Literally.  Whatever you learn in the world, as long as you live, you can do anything and everything.  Nothing is set in stone.  Which may be a turnoff for some people.  For me, it was an opportunity like no other.

DLC/mods: Like I said, this game is incredibly moddable.  Without the mods, though, the DLC is extremely immersive.  Hearthfire gives the opportunity for marriage and housing.  It really brings out the most that a single-player game has to offer.  You can literally build your entire life up in Skyrim.  With some survival mods (Campfire especially), you can also hunt, craft, and camp.  Lots more to it, but that's the gist.  The Dragonborn DLC adds map area and extra content that is actually kind of mind-twisting.  Finally, Dawnguard brings the vampires' story into the picture.  It's incredible.

Time for me to shut up.  If you are a fan of all or even half of the things I just described, definitely give this game a try.  Dive deep into it - whatever you choose, it'll be worth it.
While this is simply amazing and pretty modable to boot, I'm starting to wonder if Bethesda themselves are trying to literally set their own world on fire from nuclear "Fallout" 76 times by hiding this great gem from the steam search page including its dlc's, I wouldnt even be surprised if they released some sort of special edition for any of their games, double the price and all they did was do a more botched up job than the community did and slap on paid dlc's and call it "Special Edition" and even restrict a few choices of mods as well.(I'm looking at you Skyrim Special Edition)

While this is an amazing gem, I'm not even sure if its still plausible to purchase it. Just in case though here is a direct link should you be able to find this review randomly. 
https://store.steampowered.com/app/72850/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim/
And here is the link for the dlc:
https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/72850/

Pros: Game is legendary with nexusmods.com.
Con's: Takes time...
Warnings: If you have a balanced nice life, don't play it. Don't even mod it!

5/5 Would mod again!
Well here and say nothing.
  Another part of the scrolls, which can be played endlessly, even though I played enough to just 1+k hours.
But it will all come back and come back to it.

- Open World.
- A huge number of quests, characters, items.
- Customization of your character, his appearance, clothing, and skills.
- Graphics initially pleasant enough, but thanks to the Workshop it can be done simply stunning.
- Steam Workshop, thanks to it you can put a variety of fashion, things just a wonderful thing.
- You can rob caravans.
Skyrim has been the benchmark for immersive open world sandbox RPGs since it came out in 2011.

Featuring an amazingly immersive and massive world it is one of the games where you can spend 300 hours without doing a single main quest beyond the tutorial. The combat and skill systems are awesome, the game depth is simply amazing and it is a true milestone of gaming history along the likes of Witcher 3.

There's not much to add to that. If you haven't heard of Skyrim, chances are you're not playing any video games in the first place.
>walked Into whiterun
>girl in the market talks about wanting to run a Inn
>stopped to talk to the woman
>she asks me to bring her a mammoth's tusk for a cat
>I bring her the tusk
>she thanks me and teaches me some english
>2 minutes later
>run by her again on the way out of town
>she asks for me to marry her

10/10 very realistic
A truly amazing game, there is a lot to say about it but mainly it's a HUGE open world game with a HUGE variety of things you can do in it.  Tools, weapons, armor, abilities, enemy types and factions, and places to go + a great soundtrack and there are literally thousands of great quality mods to make up for (just about) anything you might think is missing from the game.

+ there's a lot of people working on making a co-op mod for it tho that'd be nice too.
Didn't play much Skyrim on PC but I played it for a whole summer on Xbox when it came out. I literally ate, slept and played Skyrim for like three months straight. One of the best video gaming experiences I've ever had.
Ive been playing games since age 4-5 when atari and nintendo were the craze.. down the line played some epic titles and for a good number of years certain titles never left my top 10 game list, console and pc i.e  only 3 of the top 10 of my list never changed TILL Skyrim came along. 

Not only because of this game i had to reshuffle the whole list especially top 3, but i had to literally make sure, and im quite confident, that i wont change the top 5 titles again after this.

This intention was made in the year 2012, when i first played skyrim and now its 2019-- 7 years down the line, & Skyrim is still all time my personal favorite game. 

Whats not good about it.. the music,lore, vastness of map, expansion, character build, pacing, appeal, mods,  colorization of certain beautiful areas of skyrim make it absolutely breathtaking. Sure Oblivion was one heck of a game as well and il be honest oblivion at times does much better in story arcs than skyrim, but overall Skyrim is just top notch. 

For players who love adventure, sidekicks, dragon lore, factions, horse rides, costume mods etc, literally unlimited weapons, then this is your safe haven.
Skyrim has been a long time favourite of mine. First played this game on the 360 and loved every minute of it. Huge upgrade from Oblivion. It was one of the first games I bought whilst transferring over to PC.   It was one of those games for me where each playthrough was different.  

The story I really was interested in. The initial start on the wagon with unknown figures who eventually I would discover. Really pushed me into concentrating on this game. The concept I love with Bethesda games is the multiple choice quests. Allows for decision making and of course multiple playthroughs. 

The graphics initially on 360 I didn't take notice of. I wasn't until I played it on PC I noticed the difference. The detail that was put into this game was amazing. The cities were some of my favourite areas to initially discover. The ambience whilst moving from quest to quest was soothing. The music was brilliant, one of my favourite soundtracks. The general exploring ambient noise was the best in my opinion. 

Quests and game mechanics. The questing experience I enjoyed. Your typical fetch quests are fine to an extent. Its nice to see that there were major side quests that would ultimately change the game. I was one of those people that tried to do every quest I got. Mechanics were something else. I had lots of fun using the bow and arrow and the shouts. The only profession I didn't have an interest in at the time was magic.  I can always come back and do another playthrough but magic didn't really appeal to me. I enjoyed the sword and bow combat a lot more. Mountain goat horse is a story for another time. 

The DLC's were interesting in themselves. Dawnguard and the vampire questline introduced new mechanics and features which I enjoyed. Hearthfire allowed the user to build houses in areas around Skyrim. Very expensive hobby though. And finally Dragonborn which I had fun with.

Overall, I feel that Skyrim is one of the best RPG's out there. Always one of my RPG recommendations. Roll on Elder Scrolls VI I dare say.

9/10
The game is really nice, but removing all DLCs to force players to buy a Skyrim Special Edition, with more bugs then was in original one, is really a bad idea. Damn you Bethesda.
Listen, I know I have played this less than 50 hours on Steam, but hear me out.
I bought this game on PS3 when it first came out. Then I bought the PS3 Legendary Edition.
Then I bought the PS4 Remastered Edition.
Then I bought the XBox One Remastered Edition.
THEN I bought the Steam Edition -- and let me tell you,
Bethesda may have wrecked things with Fallout 76, but the ES dev team has never once failed me.
This game is so good , it has created some of the best content out there (3kliksphilip) and is a classic amazing game, worth the purchase.         




Fallout 76 was a mistake
I love Arena, Daggerfall, Skyrim and Online, soon I'll buy Morrowind and Oblivion, I will definitely love it. I like the wares, that the ship deliveres, but i dont like the ship. Thumb up for TES V, Thumb down for Todd.
Remember the days 8 years ago when Bethesda was considered a leading figure in the video game modding community, making the Creation Kit easy to download through Steam itself, and the creation of the Steam Workshop for Skyrim: the first of all the workshops to make creating and sharing mods easier than ever? Remember how you could have hated this game in vanilla and give it the equivalent of complete facial reconstruction surgery to turn it into a game you love? Remember when we respected Bethesda despite their many faults? Remember NOT having to install Bethesda's launcher just to download the Creation Kit? Remember the days before paid mods? Remember the days we didn't need to use Bethesda's no refund policy just to download mods? Remember when paid mods didn't make you have to reinstall SKSE? Remember the days before they hid this game to make it harder to obtain to try to get you to buy the facelift version?

I miss those days.
This is one of the greatest games I've ever played.  Not only does it deliver on atmosphere and story on multiple fronts, but it looks gorgeous and plays fantastically.  Sure there are bugs, that have mostly been ironed out, and some parts of clunky.  But hey, I've spent hundreds of hours playing around is this world, and it feels great, and I would do it again.  Mods just add a ton of playability too.  I know it's popular to dump on Bethesda, but I just can't do it.  They make my favoritest games, and I hope they continue to do so.  I will buy them all.
This game is everywhere and on every platform for a reason. Its one of the best games there is in the genre. With an infinite amount of mods there's a never ending amount of content to be played. Plus you can ride dragons with the DLC and be a vampire and/or a werewolf with the right mods. 10/10
Highly, highly recommend. If you like exploring vast, open worlds, fighting all types of enemies, and having a wonderful soundtrack to go along with it, buy this game. It's worth every penny.
40+ hours played, has only just left Helgen for the 20th time.

*Gets 87+ mods*

Wow! Now I can play the game PROPERLY!

Now where was I? Oh yeah, the keep.
10/10 I especially loved this quest where I had to kill this bitch made dragon named paarthurnax, it was easy except for the fact that he was crying like a bitch the whole fight. after slaying the sissy boy dragon some old geezers who stroke each other off at the top of the mountain stopped talking to me, oh well guess that's the price of saving the world from evil
This game sets the standards in Open World Fantasy Adventure Action. Period.
If you don't own it, its like saying you don't own a car or a dictionary or a Bed.
Get it its a must have, but be warned it, with the mods is years worth of play ability, replay ability.
The game looks beautiful, yet there are mods that make it come real to life.(ENB)
This game is a No bainer, before Bethesda became Corporate Whores,  vampires with controversies over micro transactions  Loot boxes, false advertisements, Most of Fallout76 is just Skyrim and its mods re purposed. Then there was the Nylon instead of canvas in Fallout76 online Memorabilia and BS that now infects their games. With all the Controversies that face Bethesda I would not doubt that someday they will be wrapped up in so much scandal, The consumer will be hard pressed to get their games.  Woo Too corperate greed.
This game is one of those games that I didn't think I would like. "ehh I'm not really into swords and stuff". I am glad my friends kept telling me to try it. It is easily one of my top favorite games. Plus the shear amount of mods is insane. If you run out of stuff to do in the original game plus the dlc, which will take a significant amount of time, there are a huge amount of community made quest mods. 10/10 IGN, would play again, highly recommend, its like Skyrim with swords.
With mods that make this game beautiful, less buggy and more user friendly it's endless fun! As usual with Bethesda games, main plot is quite bland but side-stories, guilds quests etc. are interesting enough to continue playing for tens/hundrets of hours. With good selection of mods it's solid 8/10 for me. Without mods it's closer to 6.5/10.
DLC PAGES:
Hearthfire
https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/
Dragonborn
https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dragonborn/
Dawnguard
https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dawnguard/
Can't purchase DLC's because they removed the store page to sell their legendary edition or whatever. Yet another Bethesda fail. This is why i'm done with them.

Here's the DLC's stolen from another guy's (nemesis0047) review

DLC Page
-------------

https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dragonborn/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dawnguard/
This is the first negative review of a game i have ever given. I really, really didnt like this game. the first half was completley bugged with water making noise and disapearing, everything jumping around. if you have a good computer, dont expect to play this game +60fps becuase it breaks. only option to fix was to install a 3rd party software

perhaps its the genera that i didnt like most about it, becuase of the hours and hours i put into this game, 80% was running from point a to b around an empty forest and climbing mountains, and 20% was actual combat / geuine exploring. there are tons of quests but you have to pay attention to to what you are clicking becuase if you click the wrong reply once it will force you to pick a side and essentially make you a bad guy for the rest of the game, autosaves overwrite and only have 3. so if i wanted to undo that choice i had to go back literally 12 hours and redo everything, i would only have to go back 8 hours if a quicksave didnt break. 

Total waste of time, I finaly installed after 7 years of having it in my library and everyone telling me its the greatest game ever. complete disapointment. totally overhyped
I have 119 hours on this version, and 111 hours on SE as of the day I am writing this. Both of those games I have got 100% achievements. Only for this version I just used console commands to give me part of the achivements because some of it is broken, and I do not want to make another character just for a chance of getting it that time. Of the time spent in the games, SE is the clearly far superior version. 

This game is fucking awful in comparison to SE. Game breaking bugs and bugs in general appear often in my time playing it, while SE only had some bugs. (Character stuck in crouch, important quest loot not appearing, quest items not taken by NPC quest giver, achievement straight up not given because game refused to give me quest item, Auriel's bow not working for some inexplicable reason, werewolf perks not showing up, etc). All of this things add up, which really irks you in the long run. 

Overall, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, buy SE instead.

Edit: Since Bethesda is hiding the DLC page, and everyone is doing their part to keep it available, I too will post the links to the DLC. I still retain my opinion that this is an inferior version compared to SE (Unmodded of course). Nevertheless, choices are always good for the smart consumer and Bethesda should let consumers decide whether to buy a game or not.


https://store.steampowered.com/app/220760/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Hearthfire/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/226880/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dragonborn/

https://store.steampowered.com/app/211720/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim__Dawnguard/
This company which I once loved as a kid has now led us all down a path which is not in our interests. They remove dlc from the store page to get people to use their shitty launcher and store. Announce that Elder Scrolls 6, Fallout 76 and Fallout 4 along with Skyrim and every other bethesda game in the past 8 years will all have the same engine, which in effect is the same engine they made MORROWIND with; the technical limitations of this engine are so overwhelming that it is a surprise fallout 76 even RAN let alone had decent gameplay and characters. This blatant laziness and anti consumerism on Bethesda's part is blinding, yet Bethesda still claims to love us all as we are the fans that make up what their games are. Bullshit. Bethesda has lost the support of its long time fans as we all see that it has become a shell of its former, great self.

What about this game's modding community? Well it is extremely good on one end and fucking terrifying on the other. The one advantage to using the same engine for nearly 20 years is that modders know it like the back of their hand; this can lead to extremely good mods such as the lost city or enderal, BUT (AND THIS IS A BIG BUT) it can lead to some of the most perverted shit you have ever seen. You want bestiality? Skyrim has it! What about slavery? Skyrim has it! Drugging, rape and any other weird shit imaginable? Skyrim has it! This is fucking terrifying for many reasons but the main one I am worried about is the fact that this could shape the personalities of many teens who play it into perverted little shits who see women as nothing more than sex objects; hell some mods even go as far to state they are! 

All of this over the past eight years has led me to despise this game, company and its community for they have become a beast which is wild and greedy. This is not the game I played when I was 11.

Really enjoy this game however the bugs in it are appalling. 

There are so many game breaking bugs that prevent you from doing most of the game. Like literally 30% of the game are bugs which prevent you from progressing or at least hinder you greatly.

Other than that the gameplay is really good. The bugs is what kills the game for me. But what can you expect from the company that created Fallout 76?

Do not buy this game. Do not fund a company that deserves to die. If we pay into companies who half complete their games like Skyrim and scam people like in Fallout 76, other companies will follow suit.
I have had a lot of fun playing this game i had planned to buy all the dlc's overtime and to my surprise when i went to the page to buy the dlc none of it showed up that it existed, Naturally i thought it was a glitch, I have done a bit of research and found they did this on purpose to push people to buy the VR and SE versions of the game which is very stupid. normally i would rate it a 10/10 and recommend it but now that the developers have made it that you cant buy any dlc i rate it a 5/10 and not recommend it. this was very stupid of the developers because now i would believe that their sales will drop for the ORIGINAL and not the special edition.
I am pissed off. Why did Bethasda have to hide the DLC and not let anyone know that they are gone? Honistly a scummy tatic to get people to buy there crappy special edition
I'd recommend but only if you mod it. Skyrim is a crappy game and it's only made so much money because it's marketed down people's throats. It's a so-so RPG as far as integration goes and just awful as far as classes and gameplay go. It actually has potential but no one did anything with it. For example the civil war questline could have been great and would have been great but it turned into "go here take this fort" when the production time was short changed. I adore Dawnguard and Dragonborn as far as storyline and characters go, but Skyrim's too-easy oversimplified gameplay drags them both down. I could go on and on and on about how Skyrim is a disappointing game that doesn't deserve the credit it gets but I still play it and I still enjoy it and I still recommend it. I wish I could give a three star review.
This game is fundamentally broken. It requires mods to even be playable, but the game is so buggy and badly built that installing mods without bugs or crashes is a huge pain that can take hours. In no way to I recommend spending money on this game, ever. It's the same nonsense that Bethesda has always done, and it blows my mind they have such good will from customers. Fallout 76 wasn't a "dark moment," it was exactly the same nonsense they have always pulled.
Skyrim - is bullshit.

I have i7 8700 + GTX 1060 and it is glitching on my PC. I have about +200 FPS in this game. The game has a broken animations and other stuffs such as sound of the water while you walking and reflective water. And that's not all bugs which i'd noticed in this game: wall climbing, jumping from mountains safely without damage. 
In overall: Don't play Skyrim if you don't have V-Sync. It will broke your brain
If you actually think about it, this game is actually trash. You are pretty much forced into using mods if you want to make it work for you but other than that, its quite a lazily made game imo.
I love everything in the game. Why the bad review? Bethesda hid the DLCs for this game, expecting owners of Vanilla Skyrim to buy the Special Edition, which is like 34,99€ if I'm correct. It seems I'm not the only one to think this is absurd and unfair to the people who don't want Special Edition, or CAN'T afford it. Like many, this is the reason that leads me to not recommend the game. Don't get fooled by buying the Special Edition for the DLCs, the workshop has many mods that have MUCH more content than any Bethesda DLC. The game in itself is really good, and I enjoy playing it daily, but that was a terrible move from Bethesda.

If I had to recommend a mod if you decide to buy the Vanilla version, it would be Falskaar, it adds a whole new island to the game, with 100x the content you could find in any Bethesda DLC. Clearly, Special Edition isn't worth its price, I've watched many playthroughs with the expansion, it's SO empty.
