Joke review? There's too many, here is the truth.

This is the game that:

You love to hate
You can't sleep at night over
You throw things around the room
You scream at your monitor
You start yelling at people that come in your room and start asking questions
You get ridiculed just for playing a match
You are cheered on by your team
You get flashed by your teammate
You meet children
You meet adults
You meet adults that act like children
You learn the term "tked" the hard way
You are constantly called a kitty cat
You are told you are homosexual
You are told you are lesbian
You are told you will never be a pro despite never trying to be one
You are told you will never be a minor despite never trying to be one
You are told you will never win a lan despite never trying to enter one
You apparently live in your mom's basement
You find out your mom has been having some strange relationships
You find out your dad has been having some strange relationships
You are recommended to drink bleach
You learn you are autistic
You try to ruin someone's internet/real life
You watch people get bans for tking
You meet the most terrible people on the internet
You meet queued people that just look forward to kicking you before the win (If solo queued)
You are held to high degree by your team to clutch everything even 1v4s
You learned the term "clutch or kick" the hard way
You are told you suck even though you have way more kills/kdr than them
You are called a hacker for listening to footsteps
You are told the bomb is B when it is actually A
You pop out of an angle only to get one shotted
You hit sweet sweet flicks
You can't aim worth shit
You hear the classic excuse "I'm not even trying bro"
You turn racist/culturist
You find the DJs
You find the soundboard bros
You find the most strategic people you will ever meet in a game
You realize you are a rage quitter
You lash out to other people who lash out to you
You try to calm others down
You learn the term "tilted"
You meet people who watch youtube vids and think that's the only way the plan can go
You meet people who think the team should die for them so they can get the kills
You get screwed from people leaving your team
You find people that just like to afk grief and watch your team lose and probably laugh
You find people not skilled enough to play their ranks so they throw the match and derank down
You get in a match and someone needs to go afk for 5-15mins or leave
You play overpass
You realize playing overpass was a terrible choice
You get connection errors
You get screwed over by your IP and get a cooldown ban
You meet people who lag purposely
You win some
You lose some
You tie some
You rank up
You rank down
You Ace
You don't get a kill for a long while
You become top fragger
You become bottom fragger
You go 16-0
You go 0-16
You learn the maps
You find out you didn't really learn said maps
You find people calling out to help the team
You find people with no mics to help out the team
You find people with mics that bought the cheapest mic possible

But yet in all the madness somehow it is ok....

You get back on the next day and go through the same roll of shit again and you do it with a smile.. at least when you start.

That my friends is a game that will carry on with you forever.
1. Play as Terrorist 
2. Buy  p90 and deagle
3. Play Russian hardbass in the background 
4.Rush B
5. pidar all the way
6. Profit
7. Repeat

10/10 Who ever find this review useful, I owe you a pint of vodka.
So what do we need to do to get good in this game?

[u]Step 1:[/u]
Accept you aren't the best and make mistakes like everyone else

[u]Step 2:[/u]
Setup your Gear. Have a [b]good[/b] Microphon and use it.

[u]Step 3:[/u]
Warmup before Competitive Games. Doesn't matter if you kill 1000 Bots on an Aim-Map or play Deathmatch for about 20 Minutes.

[u]Step 4:[/u]
Practice all necessary skills for the Game
- AIM -> Deathmatch; Aim-Maps; Practice-Maps (Recoilmaster etc.)
- Movement -> Climb-servers; Surfing, Prefire-Maps (Shortcuts from Yesber too)
- Gamesense -> Matchmaking; Retake-Servers
- Mapknowledge -> Callouts; Demos from your favourite Pro-Player,
- Nades -> pls learn them
- Roles -> Entry; Support; Lurk; AWPer

[u]Additional Steps:[/u]
- Train your Habit (first callout then flame)
- play daily to to improve your aim
- make pauses every 2-3 games to reset (go outside from the room with your Pc)
- stop at the point you get mad (after a loss may)


If you follow all these Steps you will be able to climb the ladder and improve fast.

Have a nice day and start fraggin! 

P.S.: Last Step: Get friends to play with and play for the win not for stats!!!
I was very young when I first got to know Counter-Strike back in  the early days of Counter-Strike 1.5.
It was in an Internet-Café during Holidays where I even got to play the game for the first time. 

Some years later some friends from the area were playing CS 1.6 and thats where I joined the Steam and Counterstrike-Community on January 8th, 2006. 

We formed a team, trained about two years and climbed up the ladder of our local CS-League here in Switzerland.
However, due to insufficient capacity (private life)  of some members and a lack of Morale we split up.

I've seen Counter-Strike in all of its states from 1.5 on, 1.6, Condition Zero, Source, I even had my hands on the old mod called "CS Promod" where people tried to get the gameplay from 1.6 with the graphics of Source. Which was something I really liked.

After a long break I decided to reroll in CS:GO and check out how the game had evolved. It took a while but the more I played and did matchmakings (good mm's ^^) the more I wanted to set foot in E-Sports again. 

CS:GO is the perfect balance between the gameplay of 1.6 and the graphics of source (while its not source, definitely and luckily not.), to most efficient CS players ive talked to graphics dont matter and it explains why many Pro's do play with low resolutions and stuff like that because it reminds them of the good ol' days (from what i've read).

Though it still has its harsh and sometimes frustrating learning-curve, it is worth the effort because if you truly stick to it and learn about it each time you play and try to learn from your mistakes the better you get. 

Since all those years i've tried out almost all other game titles in the FPS genre, nothing could ever stand up against the simplicity and competitiveness of Counter-Strike for me. 

If you're looking for a great team-experience (which you first need to create or join) in where every man counts, every round counts and has a big community involved with tournaments and stuff, this game is for you.

However if you're looking for a realistic shooter that compares guns 1:1 like in real life, with bulletdrop and things like that, this game is definitely not for you.

I hope my shared thoughts on the game where helpful and gave you a bit of insight whether you want to join our community. 

Best Regards
Knight
The competitive Counter-Strike scene is at its peak. There’s more talent than ever in pro CS, which means that in order to pick the best players in the world you need clear, specific criteria. To make this ranking, a player must have competed in a number of top tier events—no player can be awarded top ten status for simply being incredible online. Almost by default, that means the player will be on a top team as well, which is the case for everyone on this list. I also decided to use roughly the past six months’ results for statistical comparison, with obviously more emphasis on recent performances, as they are most likely more indicative of these players’ current form.
You know when you're hitting on a girl and things are going really good and during the conversation, she slides in the fact she has a boyfriend and you die a little bit on the inside. That's what this game feels like.
Hi valve just wondering now that csgo is free to play is it possible that you could reward those that have originally purchased the game.😀😁😁😁😁😀😀😀😀😀😀

for those idiots who cant read im not asking for no refund im simply saying maybe they should give us a free key or a nice skin as a reward

sorry comments are now disabled since all the toxic fucks in the comments and was getting bored of deleting comments
2.7 million reviews as of writing this. lol

Been playing Counter-Strike since 1.5 that came out in 2002. For some of us it has a lot of memories and childhood nostalgia. To keep it short yes, I would recommend to see what all the fuss is about if you haven't already.

To try and write something useful here is my advice to you, new player, if you want to improve:

* It's alright you suck, CS:GO is a highly highly skill based game, don't sweat it. If you're not having fun sucking, though, you should probably quit. There will be a lot of sucking and it's OK to rage sometimes, but if it's constant no fun just move on

* Get a good mouse specifically for first-person shooters. No, that Razer Naga you play World of Warcraft with won't do. Google 'Rocket Jump Ninja mice' for good recommendations from a 19+ years Quake player

* Alongside the mouse, REALLY I mean REALLY spend the time to find your mouse sensitivity. It is worth it. There are plenty of guides to google

* have a MINIMUM of 60 FPS, otherwise you're really gimping yourself. Personally I wouldn't play without at least a steady 100

* No, you don't need a 144Hz monitor, I reached Global (highest official rank) perfectly fine without it. It is nice though if you can afford it

* As with anything, consistency and practice is key. The other rarely mentioned but just as important thing, though, is TAKE BREAKS. If you feel burnt out just play something else. It's fine. You will come back fresh and ready to improve

* If you won, but didn't improve - you lost. If you lost, but you improved - you won. Have this mindset and your results will take care of themselves

* SoloQ is really as any other game, if you have a hard time handling negativity this also might not be for you. I personally just mute any sort of toxicity and that works for me

* Get a PRIME account (reach lvl 21) ASAP and only play with it enabled when possible. The increase in game quality is noticable

Good luck!


I've been playing Counter-Strike since around 2000 when it was 1.6 beta.  It was a natural progression for me from HL Deathmatch which was a ton of fun back in the day also.  I've been loyal to this game for almost 20 years and have racked up hours I wouldn't even want to know playing it, but i've had a ton of fun with it too!! 

It's funny to watch and participate in something as it evolves and grows, especially to something that has become so popular on a global scale and not only that, without CS I question if there would even be a Steam service.  It's funny how things happen!!  

Nobody will ever read this so i have no idea why i'm spending the time writing a review of this type, especially when i started out just to gain a credit for more XP, funny :)  

CS and the community have got me through a few difficult times in my life and i'm forever grateful for that, but I have to say that the current state of affairs with the game, steam and Valve are a little sad.  There's no interraction with the fanbase of the game that made Valve and Steam what it is today, and that's very disappointing for me.  Valve own such a fantastic product but appear to have lost sight of their roots and where all their success came from.  The development of the game has lagged behind and if not careful will quickly become the way of the Blackberry (I was going to say DoDo but thought BBerry was just the same and applicable!).  Why has there not been greater advancement of the Source platform to take better advantage of today's gaming PC horsepower and reinvigourate a community that's becoming quickly displeased with the lack of communication as to the games direction, as well as current play-ability, variety and lack of transparancy?  If Valve have no intentions of investing the required resources and money into developing this sleeping giant of games into something that will see an explosion of interest, praise and thanks from the gaming community as a whole then...why not sell it to someone who will take it forward with purpose fans like me are crying out for???  Think about it and get back to me why don't you (and i'll be offered a job by valve to lead the team forward into delivering a product the community really wants - sarcasm).

My review won't be complete without touching on the current Steam vs Opskins, and the whole trading saga in general. Why won't Valve introduce an age bracket market for trading etc. that requires Government official Photo ID Age verification that removes certain restrictions like trading for and returning real money etc.?  There's so much potential there, the market history proves that, so why not consider offering more than one type of service?  It's a little shortsighted from ValSteam to not consider their market demographics are as varied as the number of games on sale in their store and have never really persued any course of action to capitalize on those different market segments, or maybe you are, or, maybe you're just dealing with so much legal backlog from the "loot box" gambling situation?!?!?!  Who know's?  Certainly nobody in the community, why?  No communication.  Is it because you don't think you're client base are capable of comprehending the current situation or is it because the majority of your client base are 15 and under and you don't consider that a worthwhile demographic to answer to?  A closing comment on this particular aspect of the review...Valve/Steam...please remember that every year that client base grows, so does the diversity of age and the growing expectations from a community you yourselves helped build, so be prepared and be willing to change or you too, will go the same way as the Blackberry DoDo. 

Anyway, CS is a great game and I'll always play it and just like every place in this world, both real and virtual, you will find the majority of people are good and don't cheat, but you also get the least desireable of people you find everywhere too and thankfully, like everywhere else, they're the minority.

Cheers
Chris

P.S. UPDATE - My hours are incorrect. My pc is never off for other reasons and CS is running in the background idling just like my AV.  Save your time if you were going to post a comment about my hours, pleeaaasee
Do you like to argue with random people on your team? Do you want to learn how to speak simple yet essential Russian phrases? Do you like to dress up your guns with flashy yet useless skins? Of course you do, so hurry up get this game and either drop it after a week or play for an eternity.
Things i gave to Counter - Strike :
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter - Strike gave me :
1. Arthritis
2. Rage 
3. Retard*d Russian, Hungarian and Russian kids
4. Retard*d teammates
5. Broken keyboard
6. Broken mouse
7. 9/10 ready
8. Server crashes
9. "Ez Pz , Noobs" spam
10. Lag
11. Cheaters
12. 64 tick servers

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman , but i love her all the time.
In this guide I will teach you how to play with russians , so here we go!!!
1) If your teammate did something wrong say -Ty dolbaeb?
2) If your teammate did something good say - Krasava!
3) If you won clutch round -sosat suka sosat
4) Lets rush b - idem rush b nahui (same for A/mid)
5) If something went wrong - pizdec
6) Give drop (politely) - dai drop pliz
7) Give drop (rude) - dai drop ili dam pizdi
8) I'm going to save - ja seivit'
9) If someone in other team plays good -pizdec cheater
10) Go eco guys, lets win next round with gun -eco odin raund a potom pizdi dadim s devaisami
11) When you win - GG izi
12) I'm from Russian - ja iz Rossii
13) American - pendosi
14) If you want to kick someone - kick etogo pidara
15) If teammates are thinking that you are bad -blyat pacani lagaet sorry
16) Polish - Kur.a
You can add "nahui" to every phrase.
Now you can play with russians and understand them.
Bought this game, it was a good time. I started versus bots due to my fear of competition, but MAN do I regret that. See, after about two weeks of playing it, I know everything russian. I can speak russian, new and old. I can think russian. I can pee in russian. My voice has a russian accent now, please help.
I play CS:GO since Novemeber 2013 and it's one of the best Counter Strike's made. I played nearly 10 years CS:S and it was hard to get into the new CS but its worth. Pretty good game :)
* 10 year old teammate shoots you by accident *
10 year old : Oh sorry dude
Me : No problem

* I shoot the 10 year old by accident*
Me: Oh sorry, didn't mean to do that
10 year old : YOU FU***** NOOB !!!!!!

* You have been kicked off the session *
Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!
People wanted:
1. 128 tick servers (waiting 6 years)
2. Source 2 engine (waiting 2 years)
3. Operations with new skins, missions (we have to wait 1 year for each when firstly you even write a "spring operation" etc on coin and every operation include same skins, same missions and same maps)
4. XP graph how close you are to rank up or derank (waiting 6 years)
5. M4A1 Buff cuz its useless now and 90 % proplayers use m4a4 (waiting 1 year)
6. MP5 from cs 1.6 to become a smg in csgo (waiting 6 years)
WHAT PEOPLE GET:
1. M4A1 nerf when none asks
2. Adding r8 when none use it
3. Gloves 
4. TRADE HOLD
Well, best choices, you are destroying your own game and community.
Start playing at 6:00

Play for five minutes

Look at clock

Is 8:00

Get confused

Play for 2 hours

Go outside

Human race extinct


10/10 would time travel again
I can't rate it 10/10 because the tenth player never joins
I can't rate it 9/10 because out of the 10 players in a match, only 1 speaks english
I can't rate it 8/10 because only 2 people on your team know how to use a weapon that is not a P90
I can't rate it 7/10 because it doesnt matter how good you are, 3 people on your team will yell at you.
I can't rate it 6/10 because the rest of the 4 players on your team won't shut up when you are last one alive
I can't rate it 5/10 because the 5 players on the enemy team are either too good, or really fucking bad.
I can't rate it 4/10 because 4 people rushed B and none survived..
I can't rate it 3/10 because valve doesn't like anything that has to do with 3, and will take down this review
I can't rate it 2/10 because only 2 team mates know call outs, but half of the time in a different language.
I can't rate it 1/10 because that is my k/d ratio
I can't rate it 0/10 because 0 people in the discussion forums have any sort of common sense, yet they still correct each others grammar mistakes

So I rate it an 11 out of 10 because its a game I keep coming back to.
Every team consists of 5 people:
1.You
2.Russian Guy
3.Another Russian Guy
4.Russian Guy who speaks English
5. A 6 year old kid who slept with your mother

11/10 Too much Salt and С*ка Бли@т,not enough Kurvva
Would love to take another dose of salt and punch my little brother
Will ruin your life by placing you in a deep spiralling depression fuelled by in-game trash talk with random russian strangers, only to set you free 6 years later, with complete immunity to any future insults you might receive and a total numb feeling throughout your soul.
This game brings memories. Those Endless nights i didnt go to bed. Those days i played all day. This game was in the past. This game is a memory going away in the wind. The times you look back and sadly turn your head. You are growing up now. Time to move on. Time to go get a job. Time to make something of your life. Time to be an adult. I know no one will read this, but that is ok. Is it really about someone reading it, or the words i am typing away. The 26 letters forming words, words forming sentences, sentences forming language, language forming ideas and thought, ideas and thought forming adulthood. Bye CSGO. I hope i visit. Until Then, its been a good one.


Skill needed
☑  None
☑ Noob 
☑ Casual (all posbile)
☑ Good 
☑ Pro
☑  Master

 Graphics :

☐ Potato
☐ Shit
☐ Bad
☑ Ok
☐ Good 
☐ Beautiful 
☐ Masterpiece

 Price / quality : 

☑ Worth Full price
☐ Its good
☐ Wait for a sale ( Atleast 30% off)
☐ Wait for a sale ( Atleast 50% off)
☐ Dont do it
☐ If you buy it you will hate yourself 

Requirments :

☑ Potato ( if you got a PotatoPotatoPotato pc then you need a upgrade, but normal Potato pc will do)
☑ Minimum
☐ Medium 
☐ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

 Difficulty :

☐ you just need to excist 
☐ You just need eyes
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master 
☐ Hard 
☐ Dark souls
☐ you wont survive


 Game time

☐ Just forget the game and burry it ( <5hours) 
☐ Short ( 10 hours) 
☐ Normal ( 20 hours)
☐ Long (35+ hours) 
☑ Endless

 Story
☑ None
☐ Worst story ever
☐ shit
☐ ok
☐ Good
☐ Great
☐ 11/10 


 Bugs

☐ The game itself is a bug...
☐ Bugs are ruining the game
☐ Loads of bugs
☑ Bugs
☐ Some bugs
☐ None


9/10 would die to a russian team killer again


Since a lot of people like my a review a Little help would be apreciated https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=411120&token=LNgtqxbg
Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:
1. Arthritis
2. Rage
3, Hatred of Russians,Spanish, and Russians
4. Broken keyboard
5. Broken mouse 
6. 9/10 ready
7. Server crashes
8. Retard teammates
9. Competitive matches
10. "Ez Pz" spam 
11. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing?
12. Lag
13. Cheaters
14- 64 tick servers

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman, but I love her all the time.

11 / 10 would play again
[url=http://9gag.com/gag/agqG7jn]Thanks  9GAG [/url]
It's a fine game.
I just want something meaningful instead of a badge for spending $15.
Give us unique skins, a refund, noticeably increased drops for skins, something that is actually meaningful.
It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory.

You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own.

Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fu­ck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP.

You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b.

Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods.

You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'.

You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
Counter Strike: Global Offensive

[b]Counterstrike is a game that slowly ravages and pulverizes your soul each and every time you play it.[/b] 

Everyone starts with the same thoughts when they play CS:GO: 

1) 'Pfft. I'm never going to spend money in game buying skins and keys, that's stupid'
2) I'm never going to get that angry, it's only a game. 
3) 'Meh, doesn't look that hard'

[strike]Within a month -[/strike]
Within a week - 

1) You’ve already have bought a P90 module skin because "Oh, It's only 30p" and you begin your slow downward spiral into the CS:GO marketplace, saving up for a knife and opening crates, in hopes of getting a knife which (deep on the inside, deep deep down) you know you're never going to get, and end up spending £10 opening crates, and getting back 50p worth of skins back. 
 2) You’ve probably already threatened a handful of people with their lives; it’s a game that can turn any lovely human being into a [b]soul eating behemoth[/b] within minutes of a match starting.  Get used to wanting to assassinate everyone in your near vicinity. 
3) You'll already gave uninstalled the game at [u]least[/u] twice, in utter exasperation and in utter hope of cleansing your life from this game. [u]But you can't,[/u] you'll always go back.

The community is [b]utterly merciless and beastly,[/b] with over half the people being angry 12 year old Russians. The betting will completely waste you and rip you of all of your favourite 50p worth of skins. And the trading is completely unreliable, leaving you to deal with steam support, which is 10x more brutal than the game itself. 

But of course you’ll go back, it’s CS:GO, it’s a drug. A soul destroying, mind numbing, murder spree inducing drug.
[b]EDIT:[/B] HA. Oops.
Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a  noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a  hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a  hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a  idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you  idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a  coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you  are  idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You are  camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You are   camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You are hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there! :D
Every team consists of 5 people:
1.You
2.Russian Guy
3.Another Russian Guy
4.Russian Guy who speaks English
5. A 6 year old kid who slept with your mother

11/10 Too much Salt and С*ка Бли@т,not enough Kurvva
 Would love to take another dose of salt and punch my little brother
Counter Strike : Global Offensive, perhaps one of the most famous first person shooter till this day.
Here are the things worth mentioning about this game.

This is the review in a nutshell.
Pros :
-A game focused on team play
-Reappearance of maps and weapons
-Competitive play and ranking system
-Custom servers
-Market
-A high skill ceiling game
----------
Problems :
-Hit-Registration problem
-Inconsistency on the VAC system and concerns about cheaters and scammers
-Lack of casual play with competitive game settings (5v5 unranked casual)
-Competitive mindset and player base
-(Negligible)Blunt and plastic gun sounds
-(Negligible)Does not support Steam Pipe
---------


Review in details :

-Pros : A game focused on team play
A fine combination of map geometry, weapon balancing, grenade usage and money management, this game requires the 5-man team to communicate with each other to defeat the enemies, which is why this game is popular among E-Sports.


-Pros : Reappeareance of maps and weapons
If you are a Counter Strike fan, you will like this game. You will visit some of the maps originally featured in Counter Strike 1.6 and Source, completely remastered with the modern day graphics and details. You will also get to hold some of the beautiful guns featured in earilier games, such as the AK, the M4, and the AW.


-Pros : Competitive play and ranking system
This game is a competitive game, so people you will be facing will be tough and not willing to give up, you will have to use your muscle memory to control your fire and your wisdom to outsmart your enemy, as well as communication between your team.

If you like glory, then you will like this game. This game features a ranking system which fluctuates according to your performance in a competitive match. The Global Elite Rank (the highest rank) is perhaps everyone's dream, or for modest people, to become good at this game.
If you also wish to be a part of the E-Sports, this is the game you deserve. CSGO in E-Sports is a big thing nowadays.

Otherwise, if you wish to be isolated from the competitive scene, you can play some casual gamemode like Arms Race, War Game, Casual, Wingmen.


-Pros : Custom server
Modding is considered the afterlife of a game. Even though the game does not support steam pipes, it still allows servers with custom rules.
Many community-made gamemode have reappeared on the server list, such as Zombie Escape, Jail Break, Death Run, Surf, and many more worth playing.


-Pros : Market
Not only you can have fun in CSGO, you also have the chance to make money out of this game. CSGO is known for one of the reason being the weapon skins. These skins are rare in the game and some of them worth a lot. If you wish to make money in the meantime, this game is for you.


-Pros : A high skill celling game
The weapon system is a hard to master game element. After shooting the gun for a long time, the gun will point above the crosshair and makes your shots in places you don't want them to be. By memorizing the spraying pattern and have muscle memory, you will have a significant advantage over the enemy since recoil handling always results in either winning or dying.

Other than guns, you will also need to depend on grenades to gain advantages over the enemy. Not only do you have to know about when to use them, but also where to use them. Studying the map is always important since you have to position yourself according to the weapon you are holding and where you are attacking/defending.

That's why this game recieved the popularity it deserves.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Problems : Hit-Registration problem
Perhaps one of the main concerns for seasoned players. Sometimes what players see aren't what the server sees, and thus where they're aiming and standing isn't entirely the same. This is because most of the MatchMaking servers are in 64-tick instead of 128-tick, something directly related to the players' aiming and movement. Therefore, where the players are aiming is less consistent for the servers and the players sometimes miss their shot even when they thought hit the target.
Unless Valve upgrade MatchMaking servers to 128-tick, the problems will still persist and can potentially ruin certain people's games.


-Problems : Inconsistency on the VAC system and concerns about cheaters and scammers
This game is notoriously known for the large amount of hackers willing to pay money for the sake of winning competitive game, and the VAC system is considered inconsistent and useless by pretty much everyone, so cheaters are unavoidable. Be prepared when playing competitive games, and report any cheaters immediately.

Marketing in a video game also means scammers doing various tricks to "steal" money out of people, CSGO is one of them. With some of the item worth up to 500USD, you will risk suffering greatly if you're not careful with trading.


-Problems : Lack of casual play with competitive game settings (5v5 unranked casual)
The official Casual gamemode requires you to play in a 10 vs 10 match, the other gamemodes include Deathmatch and Arms Race do not use competitive game settings. This may be a problem if you wish to train yourself for competitive play without risking losing ranks. (which I don't really care about losing ranks)


-Problems : Competitive mindset and the player base.
No one wants to lose ranks (i.e. glory). So people in competitive gamemode will do anything to win (and not in a good way), from cursing and swearing at their opponents, to kicking their own teammates for their disappointing performances in game. There will be a lot of flames going off in this game, don't set off a bigger flames by doing the same thing to them. Instead, ignore or mute them.


-Problems (negligible) : Blunt and plastic gun sound.
I really enjoyed the gun sound of the older version of the game, but to "reduce ear fatique", the gun sound has been forcefully changed from familiar and satisfying sound of guns into something I really don't like to hear, which is disappointing because gun sounds are something I wish to enjoy in games.


-Problems (negligible) : Does not support steam pipe.
Unfortunately, unlike other Source games, CSGO does not support user modding except for custom player model used in custom server. For modders like me, I can't mod the game the way I want even when in community servers.
And yes, you can't change gun sounds.


Conclusion
So is this game good? Definitely yes, it is a perfect game for competitive play and it is a game enjoyable.
But the problem isn't the game, but the playerbase and the developers themselves.
In this game you are a Terrorist or elite Counter-Terrorist who has never fired a gun in their life before a round starts. You must help your character learn how to control their guns while killing enemies. Strangely, each character has the mysterious power to fire one or two shots without ridiculous recoil by very briefly jerking in the opposite direction they are moving in. 

When your character wears a Kevlar vest, every part of your character, except the head, are made out of steel. Therefore, the only way to quickly kill people is to shoot them in the head. This can be annoying at first, but you will soon get used to shooting a small smudge of pixels on top of a character's body. 

The Goddess of Guns can materialize guns in your character's hands a few seconds before a round starts. However, your character must pay for the guns, which have vastly overinflated prices. When you have the right amount of money, the Goddess will flash a menu in your character's eyes, allowing them to select the guns they want. More advanced users can make guns materialize out of thin air with their mind as long as they have the right amount of money.

Maps are often about evil terrorists trying to bomb deserted places. Vandalism is a very serious crime in the Counter-Strike series, so elite Counter-Terrorists are deployed to stop them. Unfortunately for the Terrorists, they are dumb and only packed one bomb. However, the Counter-Terrorists do not know how to pick up a dropped bomb, so the Terrorists can still pick it up after it is dropped by a fallen friend.

In some maps, the terrorists have kidnapped a janitor and low-level desk jockey in a building. The Counter-Terrorists have been deployed to save one, not both, of the hostages. In reality, this is just a thinly-veiled excuse for the CTs to murder the Terrorists while pumping rounds into the invincible hostages. One weird thing about hostage maps is that you can purchase a "Hostage Rescue Kit", which somehow makes gives you the ability to put a grown man on your shoulders in a second. Perhaps it is a spell scroll that allows hostages to hover to your character's shoulders. 

Overall, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a surprisingly solid game about people with the worst gun handling abilities ever seen on Earth. Even though your characters have the aiming abilities of someone with Parkinsons Disease, you have many tactical options that make the game very fun and dynamic. It's worth picking up.
I slowly look at the luminescent green dial of my wristwatch, which tells me it is 5:46, am. Damn.
Another night of Insomnia.  

I sit up in my bed, and listen to the soft hum of my Radeon™ HD 7870 GHz Edition, as her fans slowly cool the surface of her brilliant silicon plates. The only light in this room comes from the electric blue glow of my keyboard, and the azure LEDs in my Razer Abyssus.

I press a button, and the display of a 23 inch, 1080p IPS monitor lights up, colors shifting and changing in psychedelic pattens, chromatic waves of light bluring and stabilizing to send an image within my mind. 

My desktop stares back at me; the only icon the Recycle bin. I move my eyes to the Taskbar, where the icons for Windows Explorer, Star Citizen, Mozilla Firefox, and lastly Steam return my gaze.

I click on Steam, and watch as a loading bar appears. The light from the moniter shines brilliantly on my face, and if I look closely into it, I can see myself reflected in the crystal surface, eyes staring deep into a mad realm of pixels and insomnia.

Steam finally loads. Oh, what's this? There's a sale on? Ah, too bad; I only have one cent in my wallet. I click the library tab in a futile attempt to find meaning.

My list of games appears, showing me hints of open doors into new worlds, strange and wonderful. What path sould I choose? Should I join battle with Dragons, in the strage land of the Nords? Or, perhaps, I should launch the StarCitizen hangar module, and lust after a dream of flight, a game not yet finished.

Ah, but here it is; Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. How many hours have I thus spent within you, oh CS:GO? You have been the reason for many nights without sleep, many days of ragequits, many days of fun and sadness. I pull out a calculator from somewhere on my desk: dividing one thousand, eight hundred and eighty-five hours by twenty-four tells me that I've been within this game for seventy-eight point five days so far. Damn.

The game begins loading, and I hear the soft hum of GPU fans, and the silent sound of the sunrise, far beyond the single window of my room.

_


Ah, where was I? I guess I feel alseep for a second there. Skip the intros, enter main menu, searc- Wait, what? 20 friends online? But, it's like 6 am... Oh, right, timezones. Eh, I might as well invite all these people.

Well, I guess I didn't want to play with them anyway. Green light fills my room, I press accept, and wait for the ninth player. Who, it seems, never can figure out what the big glowing green button actually means. Oh well, it just found another match anyway.

Well, third time's the chram, right? I guess not. Fourth time does it, and we're away. Cue loading screen, begin meaningless text I've seen only a few thousand times before.

I get up, walk towards the kitchen, and only trip twice on miscellaneous paraphernalia in the dark hallways. The bleak windows of the room greet me: pale dawn, gray clouds and black trees visible through their panes. The neon numerals of the microwave tell the time as 6:07. I search the pantry and refr!gerator, but find nothing of value.

I lower my standards and try again, this time coming up with a few tastless cookies of some kind. I begin a pilgrimage to whence I came.

The last stars of night grow cold and die; as color once again spreads over the sky. Monitor glow, winter snow, cybernetic flow.

My quest now complete, with prize in hand, I return to my chair. 0's and 1's stream across a fiberoptic gulf of space, connecting people hundreds of miles apart in a beautiful lattice of data, all for my enjoyment. I begin the first round, and purchase a FN Five-Seven and a Flashbang grenade.

I move over to long A, and hold my sights on the old wooden doors. An insurgent sprints through the open door, firing his Glock-18 as fast as he can, his bullets hitting the wal beside my head.

I pull the trigger, a volcanic plume of hot gas propelling a one gram lead alloy projectile at twice the speed of sound into the side of his head; The FN 5.7×28mm armor piercing round delivering a fatal 540 Joules of energy. The neon Stattrak™ display mounted on the left side of my Case Hardened Five-Seven increases by one, and a bright flare from the muzzle reflects its light in the cold metal of a name tag, the words "NOT ON MY WATCH" silently mocking those fools who fall by my pistol, in an absurd pun about clocks.

Another Terrorist moves into view, I fire three supersonic rounds into his chest, and one in his skull. Again the neon numbers shift and rearrange in a mad dance, as bullets enter my manly chest hair and are absorbed.

A third Terrorist fires, and I die in the gameworld, madly shooting as my bullets hit empty space. Pixels shift and change in an algorithmic song, and my teammates finish what I began, with the severing of a red wire a small number one is added in blue to the top of my screen.

Second round, man. Time to roll. I got long-  wait, why are two of you going there? Nevermind, I'll hold Catwalk.

_


Turns out they decided to rush Mid with pistols. Poor choice.  I leap out of catwalk into mid as they rush the doors, electric blue pathways of fire traversing the void between my tazer and and the insurgent's back. He screams in death as I drop the now-useless tazer and unholster a Bizon SMG;  9mm rounds begining to sputter at 320 meters per second into the backs of my foes as a Terrorist pulls a 180 and flicks a round into my skull with his CZ-75 Automatic, punching through my helmet into the flesh beneath. I mutter to myself "I fucking hate that gun" while typing out "#TAZED BITCH" in all chat.

Childish insults fly like eagles, soaring over skies of wire and valleys of silicon to majestically land in the lower right of my vision, proclaiming their wondrous messages for all to see. "get rekt" "u suck" "TIME to die, amirite"

Using the mighty power of a pistol save round, the enemy gains a round.

From far beyond my drywall cube, a sun the color of a Helium discharge tube bleeds the first light of Autumn into a sky the color of Krypton: but here I am safe from its incandescent fingers, here, the persistance of color exists in the 60hz of my monitor. Perhaps tomorrow will be different? Oh, but I don't think it will.

The scoreboard moves with its own hateful volition, seemingly granting rounds with a heart of cinder and magma. Chaos lies within its eyes.

Final round of the first half begins and I press f1 to auto buy, supplanting my XM1014 from the previous round with an M4A4 Bullet Rain, tastefully decorated with a "REKT" holographic sticker and renamed "Clockwork Assfucking". I once again reflect on what a stupid name that is, and regret selling my Desert Eagle Blaze to buy it.

Surprisingly, my team manages to hold a push at long. In the simultaneous push to cat a rain of lead from a thundering sky finds my face with magnetic precision, and in the downtime I skim through my Ebook library on my phone. I've been considering writing something in the style of Neuromancer or Ready Player One for awhile now, perhaps if I can find the right subject... Oh well, that's a project for another day. Translation: never.

Halftime, and the tally stands at ten for them and five for us. I've seen worse. I've seen better too, but what the hell, this isn't hopeless yet.

Pistol round begins and I buy Dualies, partly just to fuck with people and partly because for reasons that I can neither explain nor defend I'm ridiculously good with them. Don't dis my Dualie skills, man. Just accept it. Like a wizard and his wand: you do not choose the Dualies, the Dualies choose you.

I pop smoke Mid and rush Catwalk, suddenly realizing I hit the character limit while subsequently breaking the 4th wall.

I slowly look at the luminescent green dial of my wristwatch, which tells me it is 6:34, am. Damn.
Another night of Insomnia.
I'm bored and have slow internet. Might as well make a review. I don't even know if this IS a review.

> spends 1 hour writing this
> nobody reads
> :c

[b]Counter-Strike: Global Offensive[/b] is a pretty great game.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 
First things first, the basic rules.

In [i]CS:GO[/i], you have the choice to play five official gamemodes:

-Arms Race
-Deathmatch
-Demolition
-Casual
-Competitive

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Summary of gamemodes: 

In Arms Race, the player gets weapons not by the money, but by killing people. Each two kills get you a new weapon. At the final stage of the weapon, you will get the Gold Knife. Kill someone with it, and you win.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Deathmatch, yes. In Deathmatch, it is like a "warm-up" or "practice" mode. For me, at least. In this gamemode, you join a server, and you just kill everybody you see, except your teammates. You can get weapons for free. There are also random occasions in which the game will tell you that a weapon currently has bonus points, and if you want to use that particular weapon, you press g by default. The person who gets the most points, wins.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

So next in the list, is Demolition. It is set to be a 5 vs 5 match. It also has 20 rounds. The first team to get 11 rounds wins, and it can even finish with a tie. In the first half, you play as a set team. In the second, you play as the other team. You cannot buy any weapons, but instead, you get weapons by killing people, just like in Arms Race. Money is also not rewarded. 

But this is different: let's make a scenario. In (Round 1), you kill an enemy. the weapon will be rewarded to you on the next round. But what if you kill two in one round? You still get to advance to the next weapon, but you get a bonus grenade. For example:

2 kills: next wep + bonus grenade
3 kills: next wep + 2 bonus grenades

Get the pattern? Yeah. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

What next? Oh, yeah. It's Casual. 

Casual is a 10vs10 game, with 15 rounds. The first team to get 8 wins, wins the match. It is split into two sub-gamemodes: Bomb Defusal (IIRC), and Hostage. Sorry, I don't know the exact names. In Bomb Defusal, there are two bomb sites. A and B. The Counter-Terrorists always have the Defusal Kit equipped, even if they didn't buy it. The kit shortens the defusal time from 10 to 5 seconds.

The terrorists can freely choose which site they want to plant in. The bomb, iirc, has a 45 second timer. 
When defusing / planting the bomb, it makes a noise. Of course, the CTs are trying to stop them.

Counter-Terrorists can win in two ways: killing all of the Ts before they plant the bomb, or defusing the bomb.
For the terrorists, it's the same: killing all of the CTs, or making the bomb explode.

So in Hostage, the roles are switched: the terrorists are now the defending side, and vice-versa. As the gamemode says, the Ts are holding some people hostage. And it is up to the CTs to get the hostages, or kill all of the Ts.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Finally, competitive.

The competitive gamemode is much like the Casual gamemode, except a few differences:

- Each kill has 2x more money reward than in Casual.
- Defusal Kits / Rescue Kits cost money, and they don't get equipped automatically for free.
- It's a 5v5.
- Competitive has 30 rounds.
- Each half has 15 rounds, and in both halves, you get to play as CTs and Ts.
- Like the Demolition Gamemode, the match can end in a tie.
- People are much more serious.
- cyka blyat

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

So, here is my thoughts.

CS:GO offers a large variety of gamemodes, and you can just see that I've written about all of them. Phew, that took a lot of time. Anyway, CS:GO is a very entertaining game, and each match has a different experience. Yes, CS:GO can be a bit too serious, but it is also a fun game. The community is not just a single person, you know. There are people who don't like you, and some don't care, but some will make your day better.

GO is a game with a high skill ceiling. There is a huge learning curve to go in this game. 
It's like chess. Easy to learn, hard to master.

I've met a huge amount of my friends in CS:GO, and I still talk to them. Some, I don't. Yeah. They'll be grumpy at times, but they inspire me. There are some bugs in this game, but not too gamebreaking. Just a few small ones. Don't expect to enjoy this game if you have shitty internet. Ping matters. 

I hope you know that CS:GO is available for consoles, too. In fact, VALVe talked about having cross-platform multiplayer, but that would be unfair for the console players, cause they have a delay in controls. I am 100% sure that VALVe completely abandoned Global Offensive in the console. 

The competitive scene is pretty huge, too. And a tournament even reached more than a million viewers! Online and in the tournament itself. It's only two years old, and it's already a big game. VALVe may not be the most listening, but they try. Except sometimes they make some aspects of the game turn to shit. Like the AWP. They reduced the movement speed while scoping.

There are also skins in CS:GO. Some care about it, some don't. Just a matter of personal preference. I think they're part of why this game is popular.

The most negative opinion I have, though, is about the Competitive gamemode. Sure, "no game is perfect", and the real fun is there, yeah, but the banning system needs some stuff to be taken care of. You know, just a few tweaks, like forgiving a person if he accidentally kills someone. It is pretty unforgiving. For who doesn't know, you can get banned for killing a teammate too many times, or leaving the game. If someone abandons your team, you can surrender.

Not permanent bans, though.

The VAC (Valve Anti-Cheat) System also needs some fixing to be done. Some cheats aren't fully detected, so the hacker doesn't get VACed. From my experiences, I still haven't encountered a hacker, but that's probably because I'm a Silver. Some people can be real dickheads.
So that's my review. Hoped you like it!

EDIT: I missed a few points, thanks > SKaREO

About the netcode of CS:GO, truth be told, it HAS been really bad... for a few weeks now in fact. I go up to a guy and spray him, but most of the time it registers 2 or 3 hits out of 8 for example which could be lethal. Take note, that's in close quarters. No, that's not horrible aim. In the words of a truly horrible player, "omfg 64-tick sucks volvo pls 128-tick". Eh, doesn't really suck, just... well, mixed?

In Global Offensive, there are a few advantages. Some on the T side, and some on the CT side. Hm, what's it called? Yeah, the perspective. Take this for an example, the "left shoulder advantage". 
| http://i.imgur.com/kVpjg.jpg?1 | Here's an explanation: the player models hold guns on the right side. Therefore holding angles or peeking with left shoulder is more favorable as your model is less exposed. TheWarOwl has this video to make advantage of your perspective: 
| https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e8HZqF3cyk | And that's well-- unfair. Just like in real life, should I see your eyes, you will see mine, too.

As I said earlier, VAC needs some fixing. It's terrible. But again, I still haven't played with any cheaters, so I can't fully review this part yet. Thanks.

Final conclusion: an EXCELLENT game. There's bugs and glitches, but it's a fine piece of work. Go get it if you haven't already have it. Already do? Well what're you doing reading this review? Go play!

BTW: CS:GO has gotten an update where the voice chat quality has improved.
Thanks valve!

TL;DR: ayy lmao 10/10 cyka blyat 
-================================================-
This game is one of those games that you could say you're quitting and even go the length of deleting it. But for some odd reason you will come back to this game, whether it takes days or months.
10/10

Edit: I'm finally managing to get myself out of this terrible relationship. xD

Edit #2: I wish I could say I've been enjoying this game again, but honestly. I really haven't, I'm still going to leave it in the recommended category because of how many hours I've sunk into it. But new players are going to have a terrible time unless they fork over 15$ to get upgraded to prime. Otherwise have fun trying to get to rank 21 when there is at least one hacker every other if not every game.
So I have played this game for a couple years now with a break of 8 months between it because of some updates who got me from MGE back to the silvers..

So now I am back at it again and I am kinda in love again. Yes I also think they should change the VAC and Cooldown system, because it is pretty shit atm. But if you just play the game like you should play it, it is a pretty good game.

Before my pause I spend a shit load of money on skins, i had a shit load, I sold them all and at this point I only use the skins I get dropt in game or didnt sold. 

So the latest update ( adding wingman and scoutgame) I think thats pretty good. Only thing is they should change the wingman stuff. Because I played a couple times against people who are Global on competive so that is nog fair yet. Also the cooldown system should be sepperate. 

but the game is good.
Erm. Go buy it. Buy 3 copies of it. Rotate your accounts as you get MM cooldowns for the inevitable rage. Find a friendly server with a good community. Don't buy keys.

Seriously Don't Buy Keys.




Really.
"I'm not gonna be one of those case-opening addicts, it's ok to buy this game, especially on 50% sale wow"
*200$ later...*
"I bet I won't get a negev terrain on the next one"

Screw this lovely game <3
★ 　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　...somewhere　　　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.　¸ . ● ¸ 　　　★　　★☾ °★ . 　　　　.　 °☆ 　. ● ¸ .　　　★　° .　 • ○ ° ★　 .　　　　　　　*　.　 ☾ ° 　¸. ... in this universe* ● ¸ 　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　. * ¸.　　　★　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ °★　 .　 *　.　　　　　　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　...those 4 words are said...　　　° ☾　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　　　　　　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　　　　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.　¸ . ● ¸ 　　　★　　★☾ °★ . 　　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　　　　RUSH B NO STOP　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　　　　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.





[b]When Im thinking about CS:GO, all I remember is:

9/10 People agree this game is amazing, the other guy hasn't connected yet though

                                             *After 10mins u join a Game*[/b]

[table]
[tr]
  [th][TEAM][/th]
[/tr]
[tr]
 [td]1.You[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]2.Russian Guy[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
 [td]3.Another Russian Guy[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
 [td]4.Russian Guy who speaks English for some reason[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
 [td]5.A 8-Year old kid who slept with your mother[/td]
[/tr]

*ROUND STARTS*[olist]
[*]you see an enemy
[*]you shoot and miss almost every shot
[*]enemy turns around
[*]one taps you
[/olist]
[b]"Damage given: 99 in 4 hits"[/b]

Russian Guy starts screaming with: "fu**ink IDIOOT!" 
Other Russian Guys follows with: "fu**ink NOOB!"
And then even if u try to be a nice Person it [b]ALWAYS[/b] ends with a: "С*ка Бли@т"

                                                  *GAME ENDS*
                                                    [b]TEAM 3 - 16[/b]

This Game is like [b]Dota 2[/b] with less Wizards and more Russians
If i had a dollar for each time someone screamed at me in another language, 
i'd still have no money, because i spent it on skins

PS: FASTES WAY TO LEARN RUSSIAN
700+ hours spent. Can say easily one of the best tactical FPS out there.
Found players of many kinds. The toxic ones, the supportive ones, extreme competetitives, extreme casuals, trollers. Made friends, good ones, a lot. Also made foes, but forgot about them soon.
You will have every type of gaming moment in this game you can possibly imagine. The aggressive moments, the relaxing moments, the sad moments, the 'happiest day of my life' moments, the 'uninstalling this game' moments, the lucky moments, the WTF moments and what not.

To conclude, this game requires real skills to be competitive but can also be enjoyed by casual players.
Want a real and honest review? Here you go:

Used to be one of the best FPS games out there. At this point the game is so broken and badly maintained. Dev's don't listen to the players and just do things to the game nobody wanted.

What players asked: New missions and 128-tick servers. What do we get? We get some nice updates of never wanted gloves with free game breaking addons. Oh how about we give you a nice new sound system nobody wanted just because we can.

Let's talk about the VAC system (Valve Anti Cheat):
Probally one of the worst working anti cheat systems out there. People can go spinbotting / wallhacking ingame without insta triggering red flags, no they just get a some people in overwatch after 10 reports looking at it. Instead of building a better VAC system to help keep the game fun and fair, they give us gloves and game breaking addons.
But I guess if they made the VAC system better half of the pro's out there get insta banned and then it's bye bye CS:GO.  

Soon 1.000 hours for me, never had a higher then 0.03€ skin drop, a friend of mine played, gets a 250€ M4A1-S drop with his first deathmatch... It's random but maybe recode it so things like this don't happen because it absolut BS.

But after all, I enjoy the game even tho 1/3 games gives a hacker and 1/2 games give a high chance of dropping you in a game full of russians.

VALVE, fix your game like the PEOPLE want it:
- 128-tick servers
- Better VAC system, even tho half the pro's gets banned
- Fix bugs in the game / maps instead of adding gloves just to get more money
- Different servers for RU / EU with no way to mix those together
- Fix those damn hitboxes
- Add that's it recommended to have a microphone and have some basic English knowledge.

Game: 8/10 Good game in general, could use some better hitboxes
Maps: 7/10 Some maps just have so low FPS for people it's unplayable
Dev's: 5/10 Give a lot broken updates but fixes them more or less within 2 weeks
Servers: 6/10 Some Valve servers are laggy and they should be split between RU / EU / Asia / US
 
Total: 6.5/10

Would I buy it again?: To play a broken game with russians? Hell yeah! 10/10 would buy again.
i was only 10 years old 
i loved csgo so much 
i had all the consumer skins 
then it all changed 
i traded them for a ak blue laminate 
he scamed me. 
he took all my skins 
i was so sad 
i prayed to gaben that night 
i woke in the middle of the night 
it was gaben. 
he was standing there, naked 
he handed me a stattrak gut knife 
he winked at me and left out my window 
csgo is love csgo is life
[h1]There are a few flaws with CSGO.[/h1]

[b] 1. The Community:[/b]
[list]
[*]In ranked matchmaking, there are way too many russians.
This causes a loophole:
if you're placed in a low rank, the only way to get out
is to play with people you know. This causes the game to
be unplayable if you are alone, which is a huge flaw if you ask me.
I want the game to be playable and enjoyable whether or not you're
in a full lobby or just casually playing ranked.

[*]Another effect of this is the language barrier. 9/10 of my games
i have had the majority of the lobby being russian, which results in me
not understanding their callouts, and they not understanding mine. I
am of course not saying that all russian people are like this, but in my eyes
the majority is. No callouts ultimately results in me losing a round to either
a full squad, or a full russian lobby.
Disclaimer, there is nothing wrong with Russia.
Its a nice country, i've been there a few times.

[*]Your reputation is ruined, as if you're not communicating in their
preferred language, they're going to -rep you, report you and tell their
friends to do the same. This results in you being put in a lower class,
the "Lower Trust Factor" class, and meeting the same people that
will report you.

[*]There is no way of enjoying the game when you're
put into a lower trust factor, as the only way to bring it back
is by being positive in chat and not breaking any rules.
This, in turn means that you MUST be positive to people that
insult you in foreign languages, play music trough the microphone,
cheat, spam and are toxic.
[/list]

[b] 2. The Trading System:[/b]
[i] DISCLAIMER: The feature of buying, selling, trading and finding skins and cosmetics that dont affect gameplay is amazing. I love that valve has done this in a game, and i love that you can actually make money if you find the right people. [/i]

[list]
    [*] 7-Day Trade Ban. Once an item has been traded, it has a week of trade bans. This is an update i wish was reversed, and i hope that there would be a way to disable it, like they disabled the Trade On-Hold if both parts have a mobile verification sent.
    [*] Fake Sites are everywhere. Steam should do a job of cutting the fake trading / gambling sites for CSGO, as this is a problem i and other friends have. If i want to gamble skins, i go to one or two websites. I recommend valve making their own, or making a list of websites that are good.

[h1] The Good Sides [/h1]
CSGO Offers immensive gameplay, customization and fairness if you ignore look at the flaws, and hosts undoubtably the largest eSports scene in history if gaming, and this will most likely stay that way. This is due to CSGO being a legitimately skill based game with minimal RNG. I have done testing of multiple esport games to get numbers of how much gameplay is skill based vs luck based. 
The amount of points given to each game is determined by each category the luck lies in, the less points the better.

1 Point = 1 Category of Luck needed to succeed, e.g. Bloom, Zones, Loot, etc

[table]
    [tr]
        [th]Game[/th]
        [th]Luck Needed to Win[/th]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Fortnite[/td]
        [td]9[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]PUBG[/td]
        [td]7[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Apex Legends[/td]
        [td]6[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Overwatch[/td]
        [td]4[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Dota II & LoL[/td]
        [td]3[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]Fighter Games[/td]
        [td]2[/td]
    [/tr]
    [tr]
        [td]CS:GO[/td]
        [td]0[/td]
    [/tr]
[/table]

CSGO is at the bottom of the list, which is good.
This test has been done by me and a couple of friends where we 
all queued up into each of these games and tested how many times
we would lose due to bad luck. Every time we lost in CSGO, it was not
because of Bloom, Bad loot drops, Horrible zones, etc. It was because
we got genuinely outplayed. How many times has that happened to you in other games?


Conclusion: Get yourself a few friends and hop into a matchmaking game. Get good, like really good and grind up to become a professional team, because there is nothing stopping you other than yourself.

8/10. Flaws listed above.
Awesome game for one that's created in 2012 but needs a bit more updates frequently. Also fix the trust factor system as me and many other legit players get matched with hacker in prime.
Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesn’t care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its w
Great game, however, if you are a snowflake, do not play.  Actually, I take that back.  If you are a snowflake, play this game.  You will learn how to deal with people screaming at you and learn how to play well even when you are flooded with anxiety.  This game requires a huge amount of skill and time.  If you aren't willing to put in the effort and time, then you won't progress.  All in all, I think cs is an amazing game
Requires immense team effort and contribution from everyone in the team. No matter how many kills you have, if you are doing your role perfectly then it's enough for the team. Csgo is the best game I have ever played❤
Great game, couple of bugs that could be fixed to improve game experience. should not have made the game free as more cheaters will be encouraged to play.
CSGO IS THE BEST GAME EVAA, besides that hacker you get literally every mm game of course :D. Oh, and also the people that report you every game because they are unable to comprehend what game sense means, as well as the fact that you do not actually need aim assistance to headshot people, completely destroying your trust factor, only for you to then start facing smurfs, cheaters and derankers which makes your experience that much more 'fun'.
There is no other game that requires more constant dedication, practice, commitment and passion than this one. If you stop practicing, someone else is still doing it and when you meet them, they will win. From running local LANs to online tournaments to meeting some of the pros and not realising how big they will get but having shook their hands this game is a humbling experience for me. If you're not willing to put your time and effort into it, there is no way you can understand what's going on. This game hates you , it hates you with the power of 1000 little 13 year olds with access to a ventilated microphone and it lets you know it every time you fail, every mistake you do is recorded and not let past. I hate this game, I hate every time I play it, I hate my team, I hate the friends I made through it, but when the match is finished, I always say, man fcuk it, I want more of that, because that's how I show my love for it. And god damn is it worth your time. I do appreciate it.
--{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐  Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☐  Good
☑ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐  Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐  Teens
☑  Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐  Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐  Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐  You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☑  Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐  To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐  It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑  Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

Conclusion: ☑

I did not like this game. That is the short version. If you would like to hear the longer version - then buckle on.

I was playing counter homo global vaxxination with my parents, and I suddenly heard a voice - the voice was the voice of God. I knew it was the voice of God, since me and God often have conversations where I hear his voice. And yes, his. Take that feminists,
After God shot me with his MP-40 shotgun rifle i kys myself and that's why game bad super suck don't like game when god kill myself
This is one of the best game I've ever played; the tactical, the aiming, and communicating skills are all vital to be a good player in this game. It's an easy game to play but hard to master.
CS:GO is an extremely fun game that requires precise aiming, a moderate amount of self discipline not to get sucked into the RNG lootbox casino, and enough luck to not get paired against aimbotters. You will be required to speak fluent Russian in order to communicate with your team, along with the impulsive ability to rush B.
Generally I would recommend this game if you're into shooters. I've owned this game throughout my high school years and I've always came back to it. This game hasn't let me down with any updates except for the free to play update which generally created an influx of cheaters and smurfs. However there there are more positives than negatives.
Pros
-Very addictive
-Better than games like R6S in my opinion as the game won't keep asking you to purchase more DLC's which is generally a downside to those who just want to settle into a game without spending much money.
-Anything you purchase for the game has no impact on it at all. Skins does not equal win
-Skins are very pleasing looking, really gives a sense of feeling luxurious

Cons
-Gambling could be a problem if you're like me
-You might end up spending a lot of money to look good
-Influx of cheaters
-You may face a lot of difficulties ranking up in the game due to premades, trolls, people with no mics
-You might end up losing your social life/ not see your family for a while because of your addictions

Okay, I've come to the point where I must review this game. I have +2k hours in this game and I've had a lot of great and successful moments playing this game, but I've also experienced a lot of bad things. 

CS:GO is highly competitive and difficult to master which makes it a great game to spend time on and watch yourself improve over time, but it has it's bad sides as well. Imagine getting in a competitive match after a long warm-up session and just full of adrenaline. Your attitude is like ; "I'm just gonna rekt these noobs easily!", BUT..... You match against a cheater team that just destroys you, your teammates and your dreams. All that training, passion and intuition in the game is worth, nothing. It's just for nothing. I've experienced this just so many times, but I still love the game and it's concept and I'm able to enjoy it at least in some ways.

Valve has reported over a million VAC-bans in January and already 150k in February. That makes already over 1,1 million VAC-bans in 2 months which is higher than ever. These numbers are just because of making CS:GO free and and adding a prime-status in already existing accounts. It means that the people legit people, who had grinded the level 21 and got prime, are getting matched against cheaters. The worst thing is that if you have prime, you must play only prime and against the new cheaters. And when you add the trust-factor in all of this it becomes as an endless torture that never ends.

Nowadays literally 2/3 of my competitive matches are against at least one cheater. I still support the game, but I'd like to see Valve actually improving their game, not making it free and posting worthless negev updates. I'd like to enjoy the game in the future, but the cold fact is that Valve no more improves their games, they just make money.
Well, the f2p experience definitely is riddled with cheaters and toxicity.. but overall, if you could afford the Prime account or get one by levelling up, you'll enjoy the Prime experience because it's super fun, competitive and purely skill based. A person who is easily triggered with losses, or hackers may find this game too trying or annoying initially.. but if you just want to have some fun playing with friends online, you should PLAY this game (with hackers or without). 

Personally I got tired of the hackers so I bought myself the Prime account and from thereon, it was smooth sailing for me! 
The group voice chats and funny moments in the game make it a very good and fun therapy method TOO ! DO keep on playing and PRACTICE ALWAYS! You can't get good in the game in a day!! GOOD LUCK!
Still the greatest game for me ever since I was a child, though I hate the f2p problem now but its not a really big deal. Still also one of the most competitive and intense games for me.
This game has the best maps and more challenges to be beaten or getting beated. Having fun meeting with other players and new challenges. I recommended this game for all of those players who really needs to raise their skills and awareness of shooting strategies and more likely precision aswell. I love it. It's really what i need to keep on going to raise my skills and many more. Even though i always meet up with toxic players but i don't care about that. Even though always lose it doesn't matter. As long as all of us improving our skills. We can make a difference in gaming. Even making friends also can make a difference. A true friend didn't care about it. Winning or Losing doesn't matter. As long as all of us can play.
The best and perfect game for a multiplayer matchmaking the not only ask for your skills but also require a lot of team work. I personally have liked it very much.. almost every counter strike update is unique and even pro prayers have to adjust to the changes back in time when the game was a mod of half life to source each experience had been an imersive one although the game is good and popular in international level I feel that there should also be a official VR version of CS GO 2 maybe but in the end I suppose it cost for playability as well in which CSGO is very good at it and if you see the minimum specs you would be amazed why valve have been keeping up with the genre and made it free to play recently and in the I would like to thank all the developer team of the game
It´s a good game, but you need to play a lot to get better. Its also a stategy Teamplay game so you have to talk to your mates and play together as a Team and not Solo. But especially in the lower Ranks there are a lot of toxic players so its really diffcult to rank up
Community is toxic, matchmaking ranking system is failing.  Overall its a very fun game and now its free to play.  Even with such people there are good people out there.
2000 hours tells me that this is a pretty good game, although it can get painful if you're on a long loss streak. There isn't a better feeling than ranking up, but a derank really is exactly the opposite.
I play very many hours of counter strike, i have very many fun. i get to very big rank with ak sometime awp, i get very good at dust, not dust 2 i hate dust 2. overall i have very friends from cs:go and i have very nice time playing it. thank you valve for video game. i sometimes get killed by hacker and makes me very angered to be killed is such way. very anger when baby hack >:( pissed me off lot.
Played this game for nearly 400 hours in just a bit over a year.  It is a great game but, if you don't like dealing with a ton of cheaters don't buy it.  Great Game, I give it a 7/10.
This is the best game in my life and its very much addictive and its very much to be called the perfect game 
I would suggest each and every one to play this game if you are a real gamer then play this game
Buy buy buy! I guess everyone have this game allready But yeah. I have some hours gametime, Iam not good at all, But still fun. Yeah sometimes People hate on you if you dont do everything right, But they do in all games. This is so much more than Just a shooter. Tactics ✌️
I Recommend this game=)
Been playing this for a long time now, always a good game to come back to and never gets old. If anything, I would update the graphics a bit so that better computers would have the ability of better graphics
Guaranteed to make you hate yourself.

For real though, this is a good game if you can look past the stereotyped "rush B noob team" toxicity that exists. There are plenty of toxic players, so don't expect a good team if you're going to play without friends. 

CS:GO has a steep learning curve, and it takes hundreds if not thousands of hours to "get gud". Once you start to learn the spray-patters, the maps, the economy etc, it starts to come together into one of the best and most balanced team shooters out there.

Pro tip: Don't open cases.
Dope game, although there may be cheaters and gamblers....... its an amazing game to learn and have fun with friends (If you get good its really fun :) )
difficult aiming makes the game unique and so that you have to work on your aiming to advance to new ranks. downside of the game is how new accounts run into a lot of hackers now that the game is free to play. If a player wants to download the game see how it is before they buy prime and all they see are hackers i don't think it would be a fun experience for them and they most likely will not like the game.
Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better.

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If you’re a Call of Duty player, you’re going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what it’s always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.

For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesn’t care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire.

Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team.

If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.

Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas – entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location – but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.

Unlike other game types, Arms Race allows for respawns. It's the most chaotic and care-free mode in Global Offensive, with players throwing caution to the wind for the sake of climbing the kill ladder as quickly as possible. It's a shame there are only two maps in Arms Race -- a problem that will more likely persist on consoles than PC.

If you have the option, playing the PC version is unquestionably the best way to experience Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Mods, mouse and keyboard, and the usual PC-only options are better than the ports. Plus, Valve is much better about long-term PC support -- it abandoned Team Fortress 2 on consoles, and Portal 2's level editor was PC exclusive. If you prefer to play on consoles, Global Offensive is the same great game
Fun Game to Play if You Have Friend's on or Not
Recommend Turning In-game Voice Chat Down
Try Comp if You Want a Challenge and Try and Get Prime
Hope You Have a Fun and Thrilling Experience 
Cya....
Really good first-person shooter game. The only things are the servers (T r a s h) and the cheaters. The cheaters are everywhere now that CSGO is Free-to-play. The anticheat VAC is terrible, and Valve should do something about it.
good game but bad since csgo go f2p ,many hackers in mm, is quite boring when dealing with hackers and there are not getting ban ,but so far VAC is improving and i am looking foward to it.:)
Excellent game in which you are the one who gets better, not your character, so it's very gratifying to improve in it.
There are way too many cheaters though, so I do not recommend non-Prime matchmaking.
If you are non prime, game is garbage because of all the hackers, but buy the prime or grind till level 21 to add your phone number and it can actually be fun if you get good team.
This was my very first FPS shooter type game that I played and the amount of hours I have spent on it (1500+ so far) should show how much I personally love it.

I liked every aspect of the game and I'd recommend it to others that are looking for a very competitive FPS shooter to play.
Hello!
So Counter-strike Global Offensive, in my opinion this game was and is great. But it has a lot of problems like cheaters, free access and bad Vac secure system. I know all the things because I started with it when it was new. I really recommend this game but I also want the people behind this game to make better secure system, improve in it, help its community.
playing cs since beta 6.0 release in early 2000 .. csgo is a great tactical shooter but a huge time sink as well. but
i guess thats every competitive game :)
Very good game and even better than now is free so more people can try it out for them selfs . The problem that adds up with the "free to play" experience with this game is that there are more and more hackers as well , so be warned for that . Overall i do recommend since it takes more than you think become good at this game.
Fun game. I warn you, you WILL get sucked into it and never return normal ever again. It is frequently a toxic enviroment and you will end up wasting your money on skins that look cool in game.
Pretty amazing game. Even if I average 60 fps on 1200x600 resolution size. No hackers whatsoever except for only when I go onto death match servers. Other than that, this game is utterly way more amazing that I'd expect. No pay-to-win nor many toxic people (in my 27 hours of experience so far).
I am looking for a refund for the product is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available on this device is not available
I really like the competitive aspect of this game. Really keeps you on the edge of your seat! I feel as though the community could become more helpful and such though.
best game in the world! though I admit that playing this in mm is quite unfortunate nowadays due to free game which produces more hackers in the game.

its fun when you play in other servers though :)
aka FACEIT/ESEA
With all it’s problems CSGO remains very involving quality shooter that gives you a serious challenge to improve your playing and communicating skill. Even if you experienced in previous editions of CS there will be lots of new things to learn and enjoy or to get disappointed with.

A few word about problems and disappointments.
1. Cheaters. There’re lots of cheaters especially on starting skill levels. And also there’s no adequate solution for them. Nor prime status nor trust factor will not protect you to face a cheater. Just be ready to this and don’t take it too seriously. Shit happens.
2. Lots of inadequate guys from different countries. Try to find constant comfort teammates to play with and try not to judge about nations by hundreds negative individuals.
3. Limited number of official skins with strange pricemaking. Most of them are quite ugly. Meanwhile there’re lots of really beautiful skins at workshop but developers don’t notice them for years.

So try it, improve your skills, have fun (hf), good luck (gl) and good game (gg) to you!
CS:GO changed my life, i was a nobody who, people hated being around and after playing CS:GO i had no friends and no will to live or no money because i'ed been buying skins ... 9.7/10 Its Great.


This is such a good game to play. But free to play still has some flaws. But if you by prime you won't have to worry about hackers or spammers kicking you and you can have more fun. I rate this to be a good game and if you want I can help anyone with anything on csgo if they are new to it.
i continue to play it with a salty feel inside me, but the good days of this game are long past...

that being said it would be madness if i did not recommend the game because of its current state..had lots of fun back in the day, made money, made friends and most important made memories

75 HARAM CITY
Good game, many toxic. But.. do not buy PRIME if you are just a beginner at this game, like 30 hours. It is better to earn it by earning the Lieutenant Rank 21, I bought PRIME and it is very hard to learn the game by there. Everyone is better than you and you would likely get a lot of more deaths than kills.
I don't think you need to see a review to decide whether to get this game, it is amazing and i have spent about 100 hours playing it.

However if you want to experience this game at its best i would recommend buying Prime Matchmaking ( i already had it before going free but have been in non prime games). Prime allows you to play the game with little to no hackers which makes the game way more fun. (you don't have to buy prime you can get to a certain comp rank i believe and earn it free).

this game is worth is worth the space on your computer's storage!
I'm new to this game, and so far it's been a blast playing this, but the hackers, (if you can call scripts hacking) are a pain in the ass.
I'll edit this review the more I play.
Though it may be swarming with hackers, smurfs or just toxic players, if you're really in love with a game like I am, you'll know how to deal with it and enjoy the game with a smile and a bunch of friends.

*Not for the faint of hearts*
this game is actually my favorite game, the problem is this game's hitboxes are really bad and i know this game have died but i still hope valve will fix it though.
been playing cs for 19 years on and off, cs never failed to break its popularity, cs source was so shit this is a huge improvement. stick to originality, cs isnt another pink skin fortnite or cod responding to children requests of whom shouldn't be playing under the age limit.

negatives: 
-small maps vanished, miss poolday, iceworld, bloodstrike, etc. really need to bring them back in standard map pools.
-hackers are every where, reporting system is immensely useless. there was a time when someone got reported a lot they would get banned, hackers now roam free and laugh at anyone that reports them especially when non-prime accounts and free accounts infected the already toxic community left right and center. it's getting out of hand.
-bring back double ducking!
 Lots of cheaters since it went free. Keys are extremely expensive considering you never get anything good. But in terms of base mechanics it is a great game.
The game is good but they got some things messed up. Like all of the guns don't sound right. They have the wrong model guns and with wrong ammo capacity.
This game is GREAT! I just have 2 complaints:

The competitive bans are very annoying, even if you're trying your best.

And a bigger reward for being an OG cs go player, a badge is a bit lackluster
The free to play experience is a nightmare. Blatant hackers with all sorts of cheaters roaming around competitive and casual servers. If you wish to play official match making I suggest you pay for prime and save your sanity. This isn't even a review!
This game is a overall a very good game, and enoyable. But, it would be a wayyyyy better game if you guys just take care of the hackers better. Thank you :)
One of the best games and easily the best eSport of all time <3
The cheater problem in non-prime matchmaking is annoying but other than that CS:GO is literally a perfect video game. 10/10 :)
Good competitive game and lots of differences between good and bad players, unfortunaly it has alot of cheaters, get prime, and get a nice Trust factor and your fine!

Valve should update the anticheat system they have.
So basically...
This game will take a lot of your time,money and nerves.
I don't know why am I still playing it but you know that feeling when you make a "comeback" in competitive mode.
anyways,prepare yourself and lets "rush B"
The one and only FPS game that most people would know. 
Sadly hackers is unavoidable. Appreciate the effort of Valve trying remove these dishonest player but yea... there's limit to everything.
I played it lots of times & I like it, but there are a lot of cheaters so I recommend U to buy prime account. But if U have a lot of skill U can play with them)
This is a great team-based game that is much better to experience with a headset when you can communicate and make friends with the very diverse community of this FPS.
Counter-Strike is different than almost every other shooter because it demands intelligent, hardcore tactical play from every last one of its players.
This game is really good game.
People give the game lots of criticism.
iTS NOT THE GAMES FAULT!!!
Its because of un skilled people who think they are better and deserve to be better.
Even thou they never work to get better USING HACKS THAT POLLUTE the game.
Which is like a plague that one hacker causes more hackers and toxic people.
Yes valve does treat the game like a money making machine.
But at least they update the game mechanics!
CS:GO is a fun game that has both the casual and competitive aspects (not the game mode) .
csgo is a good team based game.
It is not the game thats bad but the community.


you all know what this game is. but i'm here so if you have never played this game i would give it a download. Its very hard to get in to you may not know how to play at first but watch some youtube videos on the game talk to some friends that play anything to help give you some help to get better. This game has a very big skill curve and skill cap, it will take some time to get used to i'm just now getting used to it at 400 hours at the time of this review. but please be patient you will get used to it. Play with friends, its so much fun doing meme strats with your friend or trying your ass off to win as many games as you can so you can rank up or just to mess around in some community maps. Which brings me to my next thing, community content (there is a lot) so many maps you can choose from me and some friends have done everything from, killing a dragon to 1v1ing with desert eagles, maps can make this game have more fun that if you just did the stock modes. now! For skins, i myself have some and i love them, if you want a skin don't try your luck in cases tha'ts not the best way, your just going to lose money. buy the skins you want from ONE the steam market. (This is fast and easy just search up the skin you want find the wear you want maybe some stickers and buy the gun EASY. Gun should go right to your inventory) OR from 3rd party websites cs.money is the best out there. Deposit funds and buy the skin and then you will have a trade from the csmoney bot and that will have your skin. One thing is to never trade your skins on csmoney you will lose money for that they have to make a profit after all. but anyways that all i can think to talk about so enjoy your new game that you will sink countless hours in to (even know steam counts your hours played) and have FUN!!!
Great game, though if you are low on time, don't play this. This game requires long hours and days to get better, and if you don't have the dedication to get good, don't play! If you are actually a KOOL GAMER then YES GET THIS GAME!
This game will always be my personal favourite. It is a one hell worth of investment. I would suggest everyone to purchase prime status after that your life is surly going to be at least better than it was before.
Good game overall, really involves the whole team and you need to have strats and skill to win the game. Big part of the game is communication, meet a lot of nice people and some not so nice but overall a positive community and hope to see csgo expand into greater things !
I don't know what is better about the game, playing the game its self. Or the random people you play with that make it so much more funny, and better. Honestly one of the best games i've ever played
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive...
The game everybody played at some point on their lives like Minecraft. 
The game itself is a clean looking and team based game. You have many options to play as the new danger zone mode and the one and only competitive. The game is skill based game, too. Luck isn't a big substantive thing. 
The game has over 30 weapons and two sides. The sides are counter terrorists and terrorists.
In the competitive you have to kill all opponents or plant the bomb to A or B side on the map and defend the bomb next 40 seconds or if you are a counter terrorist, you have to defend the A and B side from terrorists planting the bomb and to defuse the bomb if it's already placed.
The game needs tactics and great strategy. 
The game has 18 skill groups which are silver 1, -2, -3, -4, silver elite, -elite master, gold nova 1, -2, -3, -master, master guardian 1, -2, -elite, distinguished master guardian, legendary eagle, -master, supreme master first class and the global elite. These skill groups tell you how good you are in the game in competitive's. There are also skill groups for the wingman game mode. 
You can get better ranks by playing the game. Each game mode gives different xp and when you have reached the needed xp level, your rank upgrades. You can be at rank 40 and then you receive a service medal of the year you got it and then you start from the beginning again.
The in game experience is quite duff the first times, but right after you know the controls and you've got used to the controls, the game is going with the flow. I remember when I first played the game and felt weird when I tried to run when the guy was already running. The game has only a walking button on shift. Then you cannot aim with mouse two button. Of course everyone knew that if they ever before played any Cs games. The only weapons you can aim on are AWP, Steyr AUG, SG 553, G3SG1, SCAR-20 and SSG 08 which are all scoped guns.
The game has some realistic things, too. The aim control for instance.
I think the game never dies and it's fun with friends. Times when I played by myself were boring. So If you have some friends that play this game too, I recommend this to being tried.
This game is a very good game for competitive players. I would recommend that you buy prime before fully playing the game as there is hackers but you still can't escape hackers even with prime.
Good points:
- Don't need a beast computer to run.
- Very addictive.
- team based game.
- cool skins.
overall a good game its free as well which is good.
I love this game! and i belive i'll become one of it's PROs players... But i'd like to suggest to add the ability to peek to right or left.. may be it's good idea..
best competitive fps but you have to be insensitive to toxic people, and if you start as a f2p and are very good at the game you will end up fighting cheaters in the offical servers
ok so like this game is veri nais and i recommend only if you have severe mental retardation or youre some greedy boyo that wants to trade and lose thousands of dollars via this games economy
Excellent and well polished shooting mechanics, silky smooth and a huge variety with all the maps on offer. Unfortunately due to the huge popularity of this game especially online multiplayer there is a lot off cheaters and players using aim bots, wall hacks and a plethora of other cheats and hacks. Thoroughly recommended though.
8/10, very good, tough to compete if you are new to the game (me.) It is definitely worth purchasing, if you enjoy slightly more realistic shoot 'em games.
Hello, Barack Obama here. 

Recently I have started playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, and must I say this game is superb. My favorite gun to use is the M4A1-S to gun down the terrorist scum. As you know, terrorism is a growing issue in today's society, so taking my rage out on them on an online video game is the best way to vent. Astralis is a very entertaining team to watch and as such has assisted me in creating plans of attack for taking down ISIS.

Overall 7/10 too many Russians
I quite honesly really do like it nothing more nothing less. If you want to improve at fps games this is a must have! (of course cheaters are a problem if you are free to play so just buy the game)
Amazing FPS game that will forever be in my heart. If you're into competitive FPS gaming I would suggest getting prime asap,  as it is otherwise filled with cheaters. In case you aren't, surf / bhop / hns / minigames servers on the community page are great fun too! Pure skill is required for competitive gameplay, but you can always train that on the many community maps out there.

9/10 due to it staying exciting and having a wide variety in gamemodes.

[quote=author] tele  [/quote]
Very good FPS game. I don't like how there's no ADS but it has a broad range of game modes and maps  and a huge player base. I also appreciate how it has gone free to play encouraging more people to play. Good to play with friends and tons of workshop maps and items to explore.
i recommend this game for practising aim and all but please don't play the game like u play other games . Hackers in compi matches as cs go is free now. Best of luck
Game is a very great easy to learn hard to master type of game, and what you hear from the community like "This game is being ruined by cheaters" isnt necessarily true. But yes there is alot and i mean ALOT of cheaters but 90% of them are in high/mid ranks with low trust factor, so if you just keep your trust factor up you should be good. I've had a ton of fun with this game and currently I'm in low trust factor because I get reported alot in wing-man with my friend, but besides me having to put in effort to get good trust factor i personally had alot of fun with this game, and please for the love of god purchase prime status. The game will be unplayable if you don't buy it. But looking past the minor inconveniences its a really fun game and i would recommend this game if you love FPS games.
After spending some time with this game I really can tell you its a classic. Every now and then we play a round and it never gets old. Consistent maintenance keeps the game alive.
Thumbs up from me!
A large part of this game is not eliminating the other team, but to set and explode a bomb, or defuse it.  Eliminating the entire opposing team will be a win of course, but the other win conditions are more towards how the franchise has been played since 2003.

Pro’s:
Quick gameplay keeps you think on your toes.  

Wide variety of well balanced weapons to chose from.

Maps are regularly circulated in and out of the game to allow for an occasionally more diverse atmosphere that prevents people from being able to memorize every little detail about a map.

Cons:
Toxic community.  

Cheaters increased in non-Prime since Dangerzone F2P update. 



I really liked this game. I play it for about 2 years. I advise everyone to download it, because the game has recently become free. There are still disadvantages. For example: since the game became free it got a lot of cheaters, but still antichit valve also improved. If you download this game it is best to immediately buy Prime, it costs a little more than $ 15. Well, then the game is just top :3
a little cheaters here and there but its fine (most of them are china people so i hate them now) (if ur chinese well too bad most of cheaters in pubg come from china (statement from battleye) so probably the same with csgo) 

pros 
-fun 
cons 
-getting matched with people who cant aim

wouldnt reccomend playing at midnight as my eye-hand coordination is shit unless ur sponsored by redbull which im not
was and still is really fun, but with recent updates the cheaters have gone out of control and even in prime, i wanted to see how many cheaters there were in non prime, and in a deathmatch every single game ran into a spinbotter with aimbot you know the whole 9 yards, but overall fun to play.
 I can't say I like cs go that much tbh, but the fact that I have over 100 hours in it anyway is a testament to its quality.

 I'd only ever play it with friends, but if you like highly competitive games - this is essential, even without buddies.
Great game for those that are wanting to have fun and may want a little competitive type of gameplay. The only real reason as to why people may be turned off is by the insane amount of hackers in Non-Prime matchmaking, as well as the endless amount of smurfs. Great game otherwise :)
It is a fun game to play. Sadly, there are a lot of cheaters and hackers roaming the servers. Watch out.
Warning: Contains violence. The online voice chat may get raunchy and very graphics. Proceed with caution.
>Paid $10 for the game
>Goes free the next day
>Complains about having paid money
>Plays Prime MM and had fun
>Tried Non Prime on alt account
Thank fucking god I bought the game.
Review edit: down below.

Players: We want more optimization for the game and a better VAC
CSGO: You mean you want a battle royale
Players: No w-
CSGO: And you want the game to be free right?
Players: That's a bad ide-
CSGO: We also brought the jump glitch back
Players: Why the fuc-
CSGO: Primes also been given to anyone who has ever owned CSGO
Players: Are you guys fucking morons
CSGO: You can also buy your way into prime.

Valve you are actually fucking retarded what the fuck
Here's literally the simplest way we can tell you how to fix this:
- Fix VAC
- Fix Prime
- Fix Bugs
- Don't put a BR into a competitive FPS game
- And don't fucking make the game free to play and then give everyone a coin for being retarded and actually buying this game.

There was zero communication between CSGO and the players, you legit just asked if we were free Wednesday, and now I wish I was busy so I never would of have to play this.

EDIT: A more structured, critical review.

I decided to try the game again to give a better review rather than just lashing out at what I saw earlier, and in a completely honest way, I'm still unhappy, but not as unhappy as I was prior. I still love this game if it is not evident by the number of hours that I have on my account. But still, I have some critiques on this.

The Battle Royale
When I heard the idea of a battle royale in CS, I was against it, they've never quite been my thing and the popularity of games like fortnite completely destroyed any hope that I had for battle royales in games. However, CSGO's battle royale does have some pros with some cons at the same time. Do take into account that I am biased against battle royales.
Pros:
- It's a fresh new take on the battle royale genre.
- Thing like escorting hostages add a great addition to the game mode as a way to get money whilst still being involved with anything around you.
- The idea of choosing and seeing where others drop is a nice feature.

Cons (take into account I am biased against battle royales):
- It doesn't fit well into a CS game, yes I understand that I don't have to play it but it does my head in that it's advertised on the main screen.
- Ammo is actually harder to find than real life aliens, the fact that you pick ammo up 1 by 1 doesn't make this any easier.
- Drones break if there is a ledge near where you are standing. I bought some ammo and the drone was confused if an inanimate wall was actually me.
- The amount of actual shake you receive when getting hit is akin to an earthquake, given I had some fun with my friends going around and bashing people to the point where it's like the Negev in warmup.
- Finally, it's a battle royale. You didn't have to follow this trend CS, even if it was planned a while ago.

Free To Play
This is one of the more concerning things that I had with the update, CS is already filled with cheaters and can sometimes make the game so irritating that I've put it down for a couple weeks. As 3kliksphilip said its probably the game with the most cheaters (Does CS:GO Updates not entertain you) But now I have some confidence in their decision for making it free to play, it allows more people to experience CS and will most likely double the population which isn't a downside. The thought that Valve has made the game free to play shows that they have confidence in VAC and that VAC will learn a lot more things due to the games new state.

Prime
This issue is one of the main reasons that this review is staying as not recommended. The idea that you can pay into prime and that people who have already bought the game will now have instant prime. This kind of makes me think that prime will be reduced to a standard trust factor match which cheaters are somewhat abundant. But if Valve is confident enough in their VAC, this shouldn't be a problem. However, the amount of cheaters who have probably been grinding enough to get prime on multiple accounts is worrying.

Valve in General
My issue with prime has nothing on this. Valve don't really know much about their audience. We believe that we are entitled due to the amount of shit they have given us in the past years (AUG Week, R8's introduction *solved quickly, nerfing weapon speeds *this affected pros but they can manage now, #HikoMissed). My problem isn't really with this, it's with Valve's transparency, they never tell us what they're going to do and expect us to all love their new idea like its Chef Boyardee's canned pasta. No one has really ever asked for battle royale in CS, we ask for improvements which are normally disregarded.

In short, I'm upset with this update, but not as upset as I once was, I still have faith in Valve although it is withering at a fast pace.

Response to comments:
@PapaNotedVevo: Agreed that it makes the player base bigger, dislike the concept of battle royale in cs.
@JustSqueeze: Cause why can't I? As long as I have skins and fun with my friends then who cares?
@Count Chocula: H1Z1s peak player base was 150,179, it's now 24-hour peak is averaging the 3,000 range. This isn't good for a game, it puts people off from the original concept.
@thehemmo: Yeah I agree with you now my man.
@waffle.jpeg: I won't play it, I'm not being forced to. It's a bad addition to a competitive game and I won't play it anymore, regarding optimization, I'm glad you can run this on your 12 year old labtop as you said. And yeah I was probably wrong about the optimization thing, some of my friends with lower-end pc's still cannot run it. 
@RandyCo: Prime isn't mean to be something you can pay for, prime is meant to be for people who have played the long enough and deserve a place where they can play without cheaters, cool VACnet is enabled, I forgot that gets rid of every cheater ever, did you?

I just miss source man, the games only full priced because valve can't afford to make Gmod assets free. If Source-style movement was back in the game, I wouldn't care what happens.
I have always been a supporter of this game. Such depth and reward when learning 
and improving at this game during my 10+ years of play. The same goes for previous renditions of this game.

However, I have to give this game my first ever bad review.
I believe CSGO has entered the worst state it has ever been in.
This is due to the cheating in this game. The entire community is nervous.
90% of games turns into salty game of people blaming everyone of cheating.
Sportsmanship is fading. Play one good game you get reported and end up in low trust factor.
The developers give no CLEAR information on how this works and what to do to remedy it.
Updates of this game is slow and not focused on improving the game state.
Last contributing factor is the increasing amount of cheating in pro level games.
As a whole it feels that my immediate contacts more or less feels the same and the "FUN"
factor of the game is just disappearing.

I am slowly starting to lose my respect for this game and might end
up leaving CS for good.
I sincerely hope this gets fixed soon, as I would like to see this world of
CS that has given me so many hours of fun and endless gr8 memories to grow
and keep growing.

Sincerely yours
an old timer @ CSGO
People wanted:
1. 128 tick servers (waiting 6 years)
2. Source 2 engine (waiting 2 years)
3. Operations with new skins, missions (we have to wait 1 year for each when firstly you even write a "spring operation" etc on coin and every operation include same skins, same missions and same maps)
4. XP graph how close you are to rank up or derank (waiting 6 years)
5. M4A1 Buff cuz its useless now and 90 % proplayers use m4a4 (waiting 1 year)
6. MP5 from cs 1.6 to become a smg in csgo (waiting 6 years)
WHAT PEOPLE GET:
1. M4A1 nerf when none asks
2. Adding r8 when none use it
3. Gloves 
4. TRADE HOLD
Well, best choices, you are destroying your own game and community.

I've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, "Yeah, that has happened to me on a number of occasions" just goes to show that the game is fundamentally flawed. In it's current state, the game rewards people for NOT AIMING - aka, "good" players in the game need only aim at the ground, run and shoot and they'll likely get a headshot, because as long as you don't aim AT the model that you see, there is a high likelihood that the server will decide you should have got a hit. The only one of these bugs that existed in Counter-Strike Source (pre-2010 OB update) was the hitboxes on the planting animation.
An example of a bug that I do not consider game-breaking, but extremely frustrating, is the spectator glitch where you are not able to spec another player. For some reason, after the last update this bug was introduced and it has now been 3 weeks and there is still no patch or fix for this? A feature so important to the game such as being able to spectate your team has been inadvertently broken, and after 3 weeks there has still been no patch? That is a huge disappointment.
People standing outside a smoke will be full view to others with no smoke obscuring them, but the player's screen will be completely black. This was an unintentional meta-change when trying to fix one-way smokes, and this new issue has existed for months now? The game has been changed so much due to this introduction such that people holding a site need only throw a smoke at the choke and will get an infinite advantage as anyone pushing through will have seconds delay before they are ever able to see the people that can see them. Throw a smoke down, wait until it starts to fade, teammate resmokes - rinse, repeat and run down the timer. Retaking a site with anything other than a horrid oponent who can't capitalise on the blind-criple wandering through the smoke is now completely impossible. What a horrible meta change. Why has this not been addressed this was introduced some months ago?
3D sound is non-existent in CSGO. It is not possible to tell whether someone is running above or below you, and more often than not difficult to determine whether someone is approaching from the front or behind.
This game has so many core issues wrong with it that completely changes the outcome of the game that it is not funny. I find it extraordinary that so many people are able to accept this game with all these issues, and there are few posts on this reddit about these problems. I see many threads upvoted to the top of terrorists hugging each other, but hardly any threads of people discussing the pressing issues which desperately requires patching to make the game both playable and enjoyable.
It'd be nice if people were able to draw the dev's attention to these issues and press for a resolution.
Updating a game is good. Removing great features like Solo vs Solo and 3 player Squads in Danger Zone IS NOT. Looks like these modes don't bring in enough money for you Valve? Please reconsider and rollback these changes! Otherwise this game-mode is killed-off for me, and may others.

Its very very hard to play in free version CS:GO (game mode doesnt matter) cuz in every game are cheaters who kills you in the smoke, through corners & doors & after this saids that they are just pro players & its just a smurf account & on main they are have rank like Global, Supreme, Lem etc.

I hope Valve will pay attention to this problem soon.

So in this moment i can't recommend CS:GO to new players if they want a fair play without cheaters.
Dear Valve,

thanks a lot for ruining CS:GO making it free to play, which was the absolute wrong thing.
Tons of hackers in casual games and official matchmaking on all skill levels, VAC not working at all, people playing with 2$ hacks undetected for years! This is purely unplayable and just a massive pain in the arse.

You murdered the game I've been playing and loving since 1999!


Lots of hackers. I'm not a butthole seven year old yelling at everyone about hacking, but people actually hack for petty reasons. Update: I just got banned for no reason. I barely even speak. Again, proving my point people are toxic and will try to ruin your day. Please don't play this. If you're good at the game, people are gonna report you for hacking. If you're bad at the game, people are gonna report you for throwing. If you're just a normal player, people are gonna report you.
Ever since Danger Zone became a thing, a few friends and I started playing CS:GO again. Removing the three player squads however pretty much killed it. We can not play together anymore and therefore simply quit playing the game.
It feels like the person in charge had a minor stroke while thinking about this decision because there is simply no reason what so ever for removing this option.
Since I am sure not to be alone with my position I can only hope this decision will be revoked.
I originally played this game back when it was still in closed beta, when I gained access to it by bothering a Valve employee (sorry, Jeep). Back then I loved it, it felt great and performed great and everything just made sense. Since then, Valve took over the game where Hidden Path left off and only built on it - adding more depth to mechanics and gunplay and even movement. I fell out with the game around then, as the focus shifted to being a little bit too competitive for my tastes (yes, I am a casual, and I'm ok with that).

Over time I saw more and more flaws with the game that turned me off. Weird premium passes, sprays that cost money, skins that cost money, lootboxes. Even gloves became a microtransaction. While I'm not anti-microtransaction (I understand that long-lasting games have to make money somehow), I felt Valve's approach to these microtransactions became increasingly anti-consumer. And that's what prevented me from coming back.

But then something crazy happened: they shoehorned in a battle royale mode to cash in on a craze and made the game free-to-play. I thought this would be the final nail in the game's coffin, as I reinstalled it to "see how bad it was".

Except it was really, really good.

Danger Zone became my way back to Counter-Strike. I ignored the skins and sprays and stickers and gloves and who knows what else, and started playing with my friends and having a genuinely good time in this so-called tacked-on game mode. 

The mode is very tightly designed. Matches are kept small and quick, solving the big issue in other BR games where you spend 20 minutes looting copy/pasted houses in a map the size of Texas, only to be wiped out by some screeching 13 year olds. Now you spend 2 minutes looting unique environments in a map the size of a small island, only to be wiped out by some screeching 13 year olds. The small matches also meant quick queue times! Plus, they built a host of battle royale mechanics around CS's mechanics, instead of the other way around like every other game.

And then they removed three player squads, for some unknown reason. Suddenly, I can't play with my friends, only a single friend. They even removed solo play, and began matching solo players against duos. This also resulted in much longer queue times, as people stopped playing it due to it no longer supporting squads and because of the weird new matchmaking rules. I'm not sure what drove this decision, but it actually did turn Danger Zone into the final nail in the coffin. Boutta head out.
Thanks for the Free 2 Play (sarcastic).. If there were some cheaters before, now I can't even get 1 game without being cheated....

How I know this? Because for every report I put in, EVERY DAY I come back, i get the notification that the report helped ban someone.

Not worth it.
WORST GAME EVER!!!!!!
full of madafu...... cheaters and they are never going to fix it
machmaking system is also fu...ed up (opponent team in competetive are all cheaters and my teammates are completely retired
this game is something more than a trash

Been on CS platform for over 15 years.  This game is good, but the amount of cheaters is the downfall of this game.

You play this game to avoid the cheaters.  But it doesn't always work...
I am finally done with this toxic game. After putting in 4+ years of off and on play, this game doesn't deserve another player, dollar, or mention anywhere in the steam community. Riddled with hackers, toxic teams, smurfs and adults with the maturity of a 4 year old. I can honestly say that I enjoy solo games more compared to this, so I am uninstalling. I remember the late nights with friends who would help you rank up and play to the best of their ability, now it's just terrible people in general. 30% don't understand the game or don't care, 30% are hackers or smurfs, 30% only care about getting kills or clips, 10% play for the win. Deleted and not looking back.
Hackers. Trust system. Toxic players. CSGO used to be great and at the top of all competitive games... now it's a pile of heaping garbage that nobody can take seriously. Goodbye CSGO, you're forever uninstalled.
After the Game went F2P i played 10 Games vs 10 Cheater on Global Rank. And most of them granted that they using Cheats... its very disgusting to play on MM... Valve worst decision to make this Titel free2play.
So csgo became f2p. Okay.  Every cheater can get prime after lvl21. Okay. Now you are telling me, I won't get drop if I don't pay more. I bought the game, I bought fucking season passes or whatever called, I bought and traded shitloads of items and you want me to pay more, while the game is buggy as shit, full of cheaters and still isn't a damned option to play on ENGLISH SPEAKING SERVERS even in EU WEST.  Yes Valve, you know how to please long time playing and loyal players. 2K hours wasted on this garbage, literally unplayable even with trustfactor, when idiots with 10 years veteran coin ragetoggle spinbot. 1,5 million bans last month, shitloads of cheaters are still running freely on servers, but the most important, there is now katowice pass. Thank god.
when a goddamn airsoft gun can shoot straighter than these goddamn guns ingame. servers that run on a raspberry pi with 1 tick rate. 10/10 aug meta didnt know i was playing rainbow 6 siege. and lets not forget the spinning beyblades that 1hit you befor they are even around the corner.

+ playing with controller to fk with your teammates is a nice added feature thx volvo.
matt is muy gayo and should die- gay is gay and gay is bad. TO GAY OR NOT TO GAY, THAT IS THE QUESTION. who is better teddy or zoe? that is another question. andrew is yellow- that isnt a question, but a statement. statements are in geometry, as well as the reasons. Mrs spag teaches geometry, and she is short. she is also blonde. i am blonde. i am gay however. i am gay for matt, and matt is muy gayo, and should die. gay is gay and ga.....
I have about 1.2k hours in game and its safe to say it'll take me a long time to get 1.3k. Let me elaborate. CS:GO is not the game it used to be. Ever since the free update it seems like there are 100x more cheaters or smurfs then before and I can't find a game without 1 person completely dominating the opposing side. It's just not fun anymore. This is gonna make me sound like a loser but dropping CS made me lose a lot of stress and I just feel like it is a chore to play.
-mediocre game that got gassed up to be "best fps" because of esports and pro scene and because of glory days of cs 1.6
-sometimes when you shoot at enemy you will get headshot next time you will shoot with the same accuracy and u will do like 10 dmg,some people think it's "mechanics" nah man it's lousy gameplay
-game is fun to play but if you get matched with normal people i'm not talking about skills,but people that don't yell at you when you trying to sneak,trying to win round and u need some peace and focus but noooo..maaan here people will yell at you and expect to be some kind of their savior or something whatever
-if you don't want to buy prime (also if u want to buy it,DON'T = not worth it,spend it on some worthy game on sale) and want to level up to prime and expect cheating problem will stop GUESS WHAT...IT WON'T also u will be matched with players that have more hours then you and you will be destroyed 
-i spent 300 hrs on this game and i regret like 290 of them i never really had any fun with game,in 100 games u will have 1 very intense good game where results is 16-14,15-15 but most of the games u will either dominate enemy team,or they will dominate you also 3/4 games will have at least 2 cheaters most of them are wallhackers that already know where u are,from which side u will come,they are waiting for you to get on their crosshair when you shifting etc it's frustrating
-if u never was really good at game like me,u wont even get chance to get good at it because of cheating problem it's just pointless to try to win vs guys who are using cheats and u will either become one of them,u will quit or you will keep playing it because of self loathing
If u want to play this game = DON'T it's all about selling skins and boxes also it's  some kind of black hole once you are in it's impossible to get out..use your time on some good tv shows,movies,comics,books,video games,sport,gym whatever at least u will have fun and u will get something in return here u won't


Ever since the move to Free-To-Play with the only compensation to those who have bought the game being an exclusive lobby/queue for themselves (which sounds good but really isn't worth the 20+ FUCKING DOLLARS), the amount of trolls and hackers have increased because people can't give two shits about their now almost worthless accounts especially when they can just create a new (completely free) account and continue any of their previous BS ways (i.e. hacking, trolling) at no cost to themselves
The game is fun and is nice in itself, but the community is so toxic I don't even bother trying anymore and think you are better off investing those hours elsewhere.


To start out I want to say I have been playing CS for years now.  I started well before CS Source came out, and this is by far the best version of the game to date.  Playing is a ton of fun and has a wide range of ways to play for all types of players.  Then why would I not recommend this game? Easy answer:cheaters.  CS has always had it's fair share of people cheating in any way they can doing anything to get ahead of others.  I can't think of an online multiplayer game that doesn't, people want to win, troll, or whatever, but CSGO is completely out of hand. Every time I seem to join a game there is at least someone wall hacking.  You can see it even on your team, people staring straight into walls then going straight where they need to go.  It's just sad.  I want to leave a good review for this game but I just can't I'm just done. Valve Is making a shit ton of money, for God's sake Gabe is a billionaire, but we can't have anti-cheating put somewhere in the game? They need to hire people just for the simple job of stopping this but they would take some of their money which they can't seem to get enough of.  Please don't buy this game it just making a rich company richer and a rich man who doesn't care if you having fun richer.  instead of spending a small fraction of what they make in this game they save their money and let us suffer.  Go play anything but this cheaters heaven.
A pretty fun game to play.

Altho a funny encounter on a certain map where I was doing pretty good and someone got mad and I got a kick and a negative rating. Haha

Some hackers around but I didn't care much was pretty funny.

Some rages on voice chat and stuff.. a great example of a nice community :p
The game was alive before it was made F2P. Nowadays if you queue up, all you will find are toxic newbies half of whom are hackers.
 The Battle Royale mode was completely redundant. No one plays it and it takes forever to find a match.
It stings like hell to players like me who actually bought the game before it was made free.
RIP CS:GO...
I have played this game for a long time through out my old accounts and I have to say this game has turned into an outhouse. There are so many cheaters on now of days it hard to find a death match server without a hacker in it. The new CS:GO free to play is terrible, it allows hackers to just create a new account when they get banned and there have been a lot of bot raids on the servers recently. Plus the CS:GO over watch is not doing so hot because there are a lot of people who just say that person is hacking when they are not, That's how I lost my last account because the over watch wasn't doing there job write and valve really needs to step up there game in banning hackers and anti cheat especially if they are going to keep free to play on. This game has gotten so hard to play even if you are a prime because there are a lot of hackers that are not getting banned in Prime match making. This game was really fun and sometimes still is but there are so many hackers on now of days.
The game used to be fun. It still can be but no longer is the same game. It feels more like playing Quake 3 than CS nowadays. Why? The amount of hackers skyrocket, so many will tune them down to look as fair players, but the ESP are obvious if you know the game. So the only way of having fun with CS is take it like a random shooter and just run around, since strategy doesn't matter much when people see you through walls and also auto aim.

Things were going downhill with hacks but making it free just made it easier to cheat and have multi accounts. RUINED. As always Valve though about the quick money and not keeping a good game. Valve enjoy the money from skins from those that 'win' with hacks because legit players will leave, and when all is hacks those will also leave, but by then, you will have make a lot of money, right? Well played.
Hackers is everywhere now after the free patch came out. 
Here's My Advise, Dont spend your money to decorate your knife or Guns. Spend them on CSGO Aimlock and Wall Hack. Trust me, it will be more worth it in 2019
BROKEN GAME - WHATS THE POINT OF PRIME IF YOU GET MATCHED WITH NON PRIME AND HACKERS / TROLLS I LOST RANKS GETTING MATCHED UP WITH TOTAL TROLLS, Now its FREE Its totally crap.
i got convicted by Overwatch and i didn't even hack I'm an MG1 in this account which is not even my main my main is LEM this account i won about 28 games and i got even prime just to not play with hackers and i lost it because i didn't hack like whats the point of the game anymore i got ban without even hacking like i don't understand !? could you please help me with this ? currently i have 38 days ban by Overwatch why would you even let nova's do the Overwatch please please i really enjoy the game don't ruin this to me! comment and help me please
3/10. Its a good game, but the cooldown system is not good at all. People like me are getting 7 day bans after a 7 day cooldown from getting kicked by trollers and derankers. I reccomend after a 7 day ban play competitive with a friend if you dont want to risk getting 7 day ban again.
Sometimes there are limits even to this franchise. If games keeps kicking you due to errors, there is no anti-cheat and the ranking system does not allow occasional play: The game will eventually die.
CSGO HAS BECOME A LOAD OF SHIT.....SO MANY HACKERS THAT THE DEVELOPERS DONT GIVE A SHIT........I HAVE ACTUALLY DECIDED TO GIVE THIS PIECE OF SHIT GAME UP....ITS MORE ABOUT....LET THEM HACK.....THEN WE GET MORE MONEY CAUSE THEY BUY AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN........CSGO CAN GO TO HELL
Valve fix your fucking Anti cheat you gay fagits how can people cheat in such a game as big as this you clearly dont know how to run this fucking game you retared fucking autistic twats

This game has gone down hill a lot after it became free people just make new accounts and uses hacks. been in so many games where i lose instantly basically because of hackers with walls and aims. just played a couple of games before posting this and had 2 hackers that would say where on the map you were and both had walls and aim. valve need to fix this game to make it better or make it so people have to buy it again because this just ruins the game and makes it pointless to play. 

i would recommend this to others if there was not so many hackers. fix your game
thank god its free its not like we wanted a fixed game with 124 tick servers a five-seven that can one tap for no reason what so ever, and i also LOVE that prime is free now too that way the cheaters can get to prime matchmaking so much easier and completely for free, THIS IS THE ONLY CS GAME! ITS SO DAMN GOOD I WANNA FUCKING DIE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK THIS GAME
actually shit i bought the $20 version like a week or something before it became free, couldnt get a refund for my money this is just sad

- edit, i also hate how i cant dissable prime so know i have to play with pros and not new people like me

still garbage
This game has gone downhill fast.
From its wide spread third party gambling sites, to all the scammers, to being F2P so it allows easier access for script kiddies, clunky gameplay and death playbacks that will make you go;"Wait what?".

This game is just one of those conniption inducing titles were you'll never have an easy time unless you are peak Top Tier.
This game has too many flaws to make it enjoyable anymore and I'm sure even vets can agree with me.

Now it's just a pure heaven for scammers and script kiddies.
I honestly suggest buying any other Major Multiplayer FPS. CS:GO lost its charm long ago. Especially now that it is trying to ride the 'Battle Royal' train.. 
Thanks Gabe.
its a shit game and steam refuse to make the mm session more location based so eu players constantly have to play with russians who refuse to speak english and only spam out russian words in team voicechat. steam is broken valve is broken sad thing they dont realise it and try to fix it instead of thier shit map adds with zoo and biome..
this game is one of the best multiplayer games of all time. but valve who are all about making money have decided to take a fat shit all over the game and consistently find ways to make it worse and worse just to bring money. they dont bother to fix things like pistols which are fucking broken and insted decide to make it free to play. plus all ftp players can get the same prime matchmaking as soon as they reach rank 21, which fucks over the people who actually paid for the game because it gives them no real advantage to paying for it. 

fuck you valve
Trying to rank up in Competitive; 

 - Get's pinned against a team of smurfs, lose and Derank.
 - Get's pinned against a team with a hacker aimlock or walls. lose and Derank.
 - Get's pinned against a an average team (i'm top frag on server) my team cant do anything, lose and Derank.

quality matchmatch making by CS:GO
The Game full of hackers everyone using cheats in this game just upgrade your f**king anti-cheat system.. when i report them they didn't even take any action the guy clearly using spinbot or aimbot when i report nothing happens next day they will again F**k you with hacks upgrade your F**king System stop printing money :@
Absolute garbage. The game was "good" around the time Valve added their "skins" which set the new f u c k i n g era of useless colorful skins on the weapons, and everyone was kinda ok about it, but as the time go on, they added more and more of their s h i t, like knives, music kits, more knives, gloves, more knives, sometimes dropping some useless patches that no one cared about. But all right, it's still was an ok game, especially it was kinda all right in competitive scene. Anti-Cheat system is shit, the only thing that kept the games "clean" of the cheaters was the players themselves on the Overwatch thing. BUT LOOK AT IT NOW. In competitive matches(which was and still unfair on the matchmaking) is poor, everything is just bad, some of the weapons are just plain useless, some of them are overpowered, the recoil on some weapons and pistols is completely random, the maps(look at how they massacared my boy de_dust2) might be more better on the visual side, but they suck more on the perfomance side. But it was an all right game. It was until THEY MADE IT F U C K I N G FREE TO PLAY. EVEN IF YOU ARE GONNA GET BANNED(probably not), YOU CAN MAKE A NEW ACCOUNT, which they made easier to make, and you don't have to pay a single penny, which is just f u c k i n g ridicilous. 0/10 don't waste your precious time on this garbage.
Valve, your game is actually very bad. I created an account(non-prime) and started playing CS:GO and 3 matches in a row(READ CAREFULLY) there was AT LEAST 1 cheater. On the following day I played just 1 game because there were 2 SPINBOTS and 1 aimbot (VALVE ARE YOU KIDDING ME) and then I got banned for kicking teammates. I am honest player and I do NOT appreciate this situation. I want to get enjoyment from the game, but I get cheaters. I reported all of them, but don't believe that they will be banned. If you want to keep game alive, you should start take measures.
Filled with cheaters. 50% of games i enter contain a blatant spinbotter / aimbotter, and i have prime aswell. Quite sad to see what was once a great game turn to cheater ridden garbage.
This game was very good when people had to pay for the game, but now it is a waste of space and should be put out in the pasture for old man jenkins to shoot. So now in terms if you want to download, I suggest to not unless you purchase the premium access which matches you with players with premium. Still good if you just want a free counter strike game, but eventually it will get very annoying to play the game with hackers.
Runs well and has a good netcode. Core gameplay is awesome but it sucks that Valve does not really care about this game and lets it die.

Every other game there is a bot on your team/enemy team. Bots on defense means almost sure defeat. Can't quit because then you get hit with leavers penalty which is a joke by itself, first steps are too small to matter and the reset time is rather short.
0/10 would not recommend. Full of hackers even with a high trust factor. And when you leave because they hack you still get a cooldown. A completely unfair shit. Hope it gets paytoplay again.
worst game ever,it is filled with cheaters
after a while when you play good you get lots of report because of bunch noobs that they don't know shit about who is cheating or who is not cheating and your trust factor will goes red,then you will join in the world of the cheaters that they won't get banned.
GG guys I got VAC for facking nothing and I can prove it.Somebody is cheating all his life and he is playing still and I get VAC for fucking nothing.This game is peace of shit.It was the best game when you needed to buy it there was hardly and cheater and now CSGO is ful of cheaters, so GG Valve I hope you fucking all die!!!
FUCK ALL OF YOU
Fix your game man, everytime we have to play against much higher ranked opponents. Our highest rank is Master Gardian II and we have to play against Legendary Eagles alot and today even against a team with 4 globals.... This is happening more frequently.
[h1] This game is an absolute waste of time despite it's potential to be great and fun	[/h1]
CS:GO is, as I'm sure everyone knows, a very technical game that requires a lot of skill to play. some of the important things to learn as a CS:GO player is how to aim, and use different guns in different situations. Not only that, but also working on teamwork and communication, as well as strategy are all important in order to improve as a CS:GO player and climb the competitive gamemode ladder. It is thrilling when played alone, it is funny when playing with a friend, but it is the best when you queue up as a 5-person team and you do your best with friends and all learn from each other's mistakes and climb together. With such a great set up to be a great game, the gameplay is completely ruined with the overwhelming number of cheaters. People who use wall hacks, aim hacks, hop hacks, and many more. There is clearly a hacker in every game I play, not only because their unbelievable headshot as soon as you turn the corner, but because of how much of a notable difference there is when they are using hacks, and when they turn it off halfway through the game. Here is the thing. I understand that game developers have a lot to do and they can't pick out every hacker. However, something seriously needs to be  done when one fails to play a single game without encountering at least one hacker EVERY GAME. I chose to write a review and uninstall the game because of this very reason. Playing this game is an absolute waste of time and I have decided that I will stop feeling shit after losing 8 rounds in a row against hackers. The fact that the game is now free to play does not help with punishing any hackers who are caught using their hacks, because I'm in silver 4 and I've been seeing hackers since I was in silver 2. They use hacks and have their fun, then if they get punished for it, they get a new account and keep hacking. Once again, this game is an absolute waste of time.
This game is like: Amazing game, but its not. It is the oposite. 
Nowadays it is full of cheaters and it's difficult to find a matchmaking game without strange players.
Furthermore, besides their effort on placing a battleroyale, I think valve is putting too much resources on less important things. Game expereince have been declining and for me it's a dislike.
Atrociously infected with hackers ever since it went free to play.
Hackers were common before, and now they are just a known commodity that you either have to A) deal with or B) fucking deal with.
Don't even get me started on the ego-maniacs that roam this game either (more than any other in my experience it seems).
Definitely the worst community of any multiplayer game I've played.
falsely banned for playing some competitive and people thinking i was hacking, when all i was doing was playing with an SSG and killing some silver1 players. don't find it to fair. and the game is littered with hackers so that's something else.
FUCK YOU VALVE YOU FUCKING PIECE OF CANCER. 

hackers in every game

no region lock so russian talking bullshitevery game

retarded amtchmaking where a lem gets matched with nova 1

and a bann system that works so retarded fuck you
[h1] Waste of time. [/h1]
This isn't really worth the money. Eventhough it's free. I mean, technically you can waste your time with aiming on the target and still not hitting or like camping behind a wall for 3 minutes each round, each match to win said match, but I personally have a different idea of want would be "good game design". There are alot of people saying that this is "such a great game" or "a role model for all shooters" due to being "so balanced and stuff".
There are like 3 weapons out of about 30 or so worth playing, if you intend to have a chance of success.
So if this is well balanced, well I don't want it.

Also there are great cases for you to spend money on. If you want anything that looks remotely interesting, you need to spend money, or get extremly lucky.

Let's talk about the kind of people you encounter in-game. Most of them are really antisocial and ignore any help you may try to give (and obviously don't even think about giving help themselves). Is it really THIS hard to not be a total jerk? If there may be someone using their microphone (could also be a potato in most cases) it's mostly to cause ear pain by vicious screams or similar to everybody hearing it.
In a nutshell: This game is a money-demanding, unrewarding and variety-lacking free-to-play "game" that revolves around sitting in the corner for the entire match or getting killed by people doing the exact thing and is played by all the people that weren't competent enough to learn what those odd words like "communication" or "team work" mean. I really recommend playing literally anything else.
Too many cheaters. I've only been in this game for <20 hours and I've encountered so many hackers it's not even funny. How is Valve not combating these?
I have one question
As a player CSGO, what do I get from the fact that the game is free, 
when I bought the game, 
I have no advantage at all

I hate you 
TY for destroy CSGO

Retarded game, dont bother even downloading it. Bots sucks. If you have bots in team you lost WP VALVE great company. Enjoy my fucking money. I paid for it 10 € and now It´s free I want my money back retarded company. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
This game is complicated... On one hand it's one of the most refined PC games of all time. On the OTHER hand, it's a cash grabbing overly competitive shitshow. But right now I'm writing about how it's a shit show.

When someone is breaking the rules for the non-prime status members, there's almost no way to properly report someone. Since there's no IP association for VAC (Will touch on that later) the cheaters will just come back and break the rules again. People whom are griefing will for surely never receive a ban and there's no way to stop them if they're de-ranking you'll just have to run with the punches because if you leave then you'll be considered "Abandoning" and will be banned for 30 minutes to a month because there's no idea of the CIRCUMSTANCES of that round. When you get banned there's no appeal process, you basically just have to wait the week to a month because some retard jumped in front of you while you were knifing and the last half someone jumped in front of your AWP shot. Then because of that the game is like "YOU FUCK YOU KILLED 2 PEOPLE AND YOU DESERVE A WEEK AWAY". To this day I've spent more hours banned than active and I spend 14 hours a day on a computer that I could be playing. There's always the casual, but it's so stupidly boring that I can't handle it. The way to improve this system would be to add a sort of Overwatch sort of system where a person reviews an APPEAL of the ban to see the true situation on that round. 

The Second thing is the over-sized and unnecessary gap between casual and competitive. Why can't there be a gamemode that replicates Competitive as a 5v5 without friendly fire and lower XP and Drops. People could experience the 5v5 while not being able to grief or team-kill. Paying for armour and defuse kits make CS:GO more economic, in a way it works the brain and makes the game less boring.

The final thing is that the game could be SO much better. It has so much potential top be not one of but THE best game. Just if Valve made it less of a cash grab and more of a gamer's game.

Please comment top me what you think I could improve about the review.

For now I am going to not recommend this game and am just going to suggest some improvements.
Game is 4 free now so thx VALVE 4 giving more easy acces to cheaters. It was already a problem but now it s a big shit. Sooo thx again VALVE ! Great step back.
This game is absolutely awful, the game is full of cheaters and the VAC system wrongly accuses players for cheating while the real cheaters keep on cheating.
Overall bad.
Bad environment, full of discrimination and hate.

Few modes, rip updates, and rip market.

The only good points are the beautiful skins that few games can have and the professional competitive matches are decent to watch.

Bad for my two-years experience in CS:GO.
the game is full o cheaters
prime is not helping you not find cheater-free games
every match has hackers
because everybody can make his own cheats
if u dont trust me,go ahead,see for yourself,cuz its so bad now they made it free
i paid for the stupidiest game ever 10 euro,bullets without effect,they pass enemy's body,but they dont hit them,full of bullet bugs
in 1 clip u have to be nearly the server(under 10 ping) to be just considered lucky
and i trust only on weapons on spray,on a clip of 35 u dont hit 10 even if the enemy is afk
64 tickrate
don't do my mistake and learn to forget about counter strike,been playing from 5 years now im 23 and i dont care anymore,and i recomend everybody,forget about shooters like this,trust me
valve besides halflife and left for dead,they did only money games,not good games
have a nice day
So I just spend some time to watch 5 overwatch cases, and in every of them was Aim+Wallhack. Fun factor is that usually I watch cases when my suspect turn on cheats coz there is a Spining idiot kills everyone in head through wall with SSG. People don't even try to hide them. I don't understad do I watch matches from FREE version also, or is that that bad in ranked? From my mm expirience im sure that 1 from 2 games there is a hacker in any of teams. And the person that turned a spinhack in my enemy team needed like 4-6 MONTH to get banned! Half a year this guy continued to play without a problem. Is this that hard to instaban people at least with this kind of hack? 
Valve, sell your artifact to someone who can make card games and spend this money to revive the game that made u famous!!!
0/10 will play again but don't recommend to anyone who isn't that masochistic like me.
Damn Valve had to go and take away their anti-cheat system, and make it free to play. If they want to get rid of hackers, make the game cost money. If said hackers get banned, all they have to do is make a new account and rejoin. In almost 90% of every game, their is a hacker. This is the dumbest game that I've wanted for less than a year. Fix your damn game, add an anti-cheat system, and re-enforce your damn rules, cheating system, etc...

Thank you.
Too many hackers, free to play ruined the game. Devs dont care at all about the game state, the fact that you need to play on 3rd party servers to get a legit game says it all.
game is pretty good but competitive is ruined by cheaters.think that next match is your rank up match and the hackers come.Most of the people will rage hard
was good at launch and now it just derailed and is becoming what tf2 is becoming.. dead no actual content, you have the community making the "content" for you which is just cosmetic stuff. I want actual real content and new modes more maps that arent made by the community. and the more i look at this it just looks like its just a mod for left 4 dead 2, in terms of animations and physics. And where is source 2? you cant just keep adding junk to this game and expect it to run smooth especially on DX9. Its 2019 valve get your shit together and get your head out your ass. if money talks i hope you get boycotted so you actually start making real games instead of the trendy loot boxes/esports. GIVE ME A HIGH QUALITY GAME THAT ISNT ABOUT CARDS/ESPORTS
[Intro]
Yeah

[Chorus]
Spotlight, uh, moonlight, uh
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, uh, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind

[Verse]
Feel like I'm destined
I don't need no Smith & Wesson, no
Boy, who you testin'?
Fuck a Scantron, here's your lesson, oh
Knife in intestine
Takin' shots at all your brethren, no
Feel like I'm damaged
Girl I know you fucking planned this

[Bridge]
All alone, call my phone, make me feel right
Girl you know when you call, make me feel right
All alone, call my phone, make me feel right
Girl you know when you call, make me feel right

[Chorus]
Spotlight, uh, moonlight, uh
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, uh, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind
Spotlight, moonlight
Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right
Shawty look good in the moonlight
All these pussy niggas so bad mind



Oh and this game sucks to many hackers never playing again
This game is impossible to play even if you buy Prime, you still get matched with cheaters and if you try to kick them Valve thought it was a good idea to give people cooldowns for kicking too many people so fuck you Valve, EA is seeming like a better company now since they have a somewhat working Anti-Cheat. Pretty sad when I get a 7 day ban for kicking CHEATERS from my team then the first game I play once the cooldown is over, I get 2 cheaters on my team and get ANOTHER 7 day cooldown for kicking them. (At least we still won the game). Selling my skins on a skin site and cashing out and I'll happily spend my money on another platform cuz you guys seem to not have any idea on how to properly run shit.
CsGo is a First Person Egoshooter with a lot of Mods and a variety of Maps, there are even Proffesional Players the Work with Counter Strike Global Offensive and earn Money. The most people play and see after 2 or 3 Months that it isn't that easy to kill people who have above 5000 hours in Counter strike or is it not possible because CsGo has the weakest Anti Cheat of all PvP Games or because it costs only 20€, when you see Valve Anti Cheat(VAC) the first time you think people work Day and Night on it to keep it running and fixing or bann Player but you are wrong VAC is actually easy to avoide and even players who have 2700+ hours aren't banned and even some Pro's are using cheats, that the don't have to go and do hard work, that is not the only issue when VAC was first released there are even lines that the can't bann you from the first the there is a 30 Day Period after 30 Days you are banned. Valve actualy doesn't care about stuff like that because the have through Cs Go a huge ammount of income and that means the Cases when a Cheater is banned he buys a New Account + Game and transfers Weapon Skins to the New Account, but he doesn't even Stop to Cheating he Plays how he always played with Cheats and Valve doesn't even care it's a endless Cycle where you have to play agains't Cheaters.
Cant play csgo in China. it's unplayable since fucking  free to play almost all chinese cheats in this game . I'm a chinese and there's a fucking shopping website in china which you could buy hacks on it , it sells 20000+ per month . You prefire a common spot , Chinese call it "walling", then they started to cheat , You did some awesome juan deag clutch , Chinese call it "aimlock" then he goes to a fucking spinbot. I cant play this game if i dont leave ASIA , faceit and ESEA is way better than MM now , dont play it .
Honestly, throughout the Steam Accounts I have had over the years, since the day I purchased this game in 2012 it had a lot of promise. In my personal opinion from returning to Counter Strike after quitting for a couple of years back in 2015 it is not the fun, and promising game it once was! This release/update with the Battle Royale was cool for bandwagon, but did nothing other than a Free to Play experience for a community to do nothing other than Smurf, or Hack. Especially if Non-prime due to it's accessibility. Until something about this is done, I would really suggest not to play this game.
Welp… I was one of the people who actually paid money for this crap BEFORE Valve decided to turn it into a F2P game. And even back then Valve didn't give a Sh!t about hackers in the game who ruin absolutely everything.  Turning this game into a Free to Play game now only made this game a lot more attractive to hackers without the risk of having to spend money to buy the game again after they got banned for cheating. *slow clap*
Thanks a lot Valve. Nice Scam. Really nice move… what could possibly go wrong?

 Can i have my money back please?

*edit* removed typos
No thanks. I'll stay on Counter-strike: source. Every other match you run into hackers, and don't even get me started on the toxicity of the community. Don't get me wrong, it can be fun, but I wouldn't recommend it for the emotionally fragile.
The game is lame now, 75% of players are hacking/cheating never been so fucking retarded game untill it became free, now u cant play it cause valve dont give a fuck about unfear game..... FUCK U VALVE
Clearly I've played this game for quite a bit. Started back in 2015. When the game was amazing, and running into hackers wasn't exactly an issue. Yes, there were hackers. But not NEARLY as many as there are today. Now it's just full of hackers left and fucking right. VAC bans don't do anything because now the game is free to play and cheap to just get prime. Ranking system is garbage because no matter how well you do in a game you are still stuck because of hackers and smurfs. This game is killing itself.
After almost 500 hours spent on this game instead of having some kind of desire to keep playing, you are slowly making me stop!
The ranking system is something HORRIBLE! You do not understand what logic make you go up or down in grade and despite a lot of good games and periods of intense play and with good results, the game has decided to block me and after a little break let me go down more and more to level 1 !!!!!! SCANDALOSO!
I MEET PEOPLE WHO DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO PLAY ALSO AFTER MY RESULTS AND MY SKILLS!
"One or more players that you recently reported were convicted and permanently banned from official CS:GO servers. Thank you for helping the CS:GO community"

I saw that message every day I logged in for the first week.  I felt good knowing that I helped catch cheaters :)  I've even saw that message 3 times in one day.  Fast forward a month later...  I've seen that message 50+ times and there is still a constant stream of hackers ruining the game.  I no longer feel good for helping.  I feel pity for the game.  I feel bad for all the legit players who don't get XP and lose matches because of hackers.  Seeing that message so many times just wakes you up to the fact that the hacking is constant and nobody is doing anything to stop it.

Yes, it's FREE.  Yes, it's fun.  Yes, the skins are great.  Yes, it's realistic.  
Yes, it's full of hackers...  

Until the game gets a decent VAC update, I can't keep playing.  If they can insta-ban cheaters and keep it legit I will recommend the game.  Until then, I can not.  For now...  I sadly do not recommend this game.
I wanted to write this comment because I played a single competitive match and I got kicked out of my coats, after I pulled out I received a message that I can not play for 7 days. this is not normal.
After the penalty was over, I entered a match, in that match I kicked out a player because he was afk!! When the game was over, I missed the penalty for another 6 days !!! What is going on?
Now ive been playing for 2 years(through various accounts) and personally i can say, at lower ranks where it is more laid back and not as competitive its the most fun ive had in my video game career.  going through gold nova into master guardian was horrifying.  every game from gold nova 2 to master guardian is basically the no mans land of competitive.  every game is either toxic or the people just gave up and refuse to try.  Honestly to put it short if your looking for a low level competitive game this game is great but if your going for a hardcore competitive feel either buy a 3rd party matchmaking system like ESEA or FACEIT or honestly uninstall, the hacker control is basically a snail catching up to a cheetah it just doesnt get the job done.
Everything started good, till cheats were created and vac system became useless and not good enough updated....The updates in the game are horrible...I play this game with 2 friends only to lough and to talk about life.
The fact that the recent reviews are very positive is a lie, this game has been spiraling downwards the past few years and introducing the free to play has sent it over the edge. This game is awful and it is 100% valves fault. I can not emphazie how terrible this game has become. It is infested with nothing but trash, hackers, and smurfs. Valve just sits and watches all this because they get a fat pay check from all the skins, which is nothing but a scam.
Valve needs to fix this game. Cheaters run absolutely rampant since the Free to Play update and there's been no attention to fixing this so far. It's driving so many of its large player-base away and making the game terrible as a whole. Please fix CS:GO.

VAC:
Valve 
Allows
Cheaters
I think this game is realy good but when you have a bad pc lile i do and cs:go crashes u bassicaly are banned just because my p  is slow i a  now  banned for 7 days . And the worst thing about it is the game didn't even allow me to join back

Honestly, i loved this game for 2 years but now everything changed. F2P CS:GO Valve are you OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND? I Honestly cannot play this game anymore there are so many cheaters in almost EVERY DAMN MATCH I PLAY IN THERES A CHEATER!! Valve needs to fix this shit right the fuck now  because i always rage because theres a fucking cheater and i might break something because theres so many FUCKING CHEATERS I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANY OF YOU BECAUSE THERE ARE TOO MANY FUCKING CHEATERS.          My Rating: 1/10
This game is literally SUCK the BAN SYSTEM SUCK AS FUCK, got ban for 7 DAY TWICE!!! because im stuck at LOADING. Since this game updated this game become more and more demanding on the my pc system, im playing like RESIDENT EVIL 2 REMAKE Just FINE with HIGH SETTING AND ANY OTHER GAME AS WELL.  AND the game become FREE The suck CONTINUES because SO MANY FUCKING CHEATER SINCE THE GAME BECOME FREE, Yo Valve you should BAN those guys instead BAN me because IM STUCK in LOADING.
Making this game to F2P was the worst thing... At least, you, dear devs, give us the possibility of the hardware ban... Cheaters everywhere. Don't play with this shit
This Game is so fucking trash i made like 20 accounts and i got banned on EVERY SINGLE ONE and i did not cheat did not use a skinchanger or anything else i lost about 500 dollars only for this game i do not recommend it first of all because the support is trash second of all there are only fucking cheaters and third of all this game is outdated go play something else like fucking COD or Battlefield or GTA or anything else but this shit game
VERY BAD GAME it banned me for not even using cheats at all an i lost about 20-30 dollars and i cant even sell my skins to make some of that money back
i do not recommend cs go to anyone, i have played cc go for many many years and i was / am a skilled player but the banning 
system is shit, have got overatch ban on 3 accounts, on thos 3 i have played legit and its to many hackers in cs go. It is toxic players salty almost no one has a microphone either.
Decent shooter nothing else to it. Its a classic in the sense that tf2 is a classic because people spent too much money on in game items so they just keep playing. I have not tried the new battle royal mode however my experience with the game is that its only fun with friends.
First of all, players are toxic. They call each other "cheater". Than players kick each other, and i voted yes when i see cheater. But then players start kick without reason, even me. I tried to play this game first time and i got kickced from server without reason. So players that play this game is brainless, maybe this game could be good, but it is ruined totaly. 
But if you like to see toxic , rage and kids and got kicked without reasons- your welcome.
THIS GAME IS FUCKING BROKEN AND YOU GET STUCK ALL THE TIME ANDJ THE HITBOEX ARE BROKEN AS FUCK DONT WASTE MONE7Y ON ANYUTHING IN THIS GAME IT SUCKS SOO FUCKING MUCH 
its fucking unbeleavaible
CS:GO was garbage both before and after the F2P update. Now the update is just sending more toxic cheaters to the game, with no improved VAC system, along with cheaters making smurf accounts to still cause trouble. Prime status matchmaking doesn't help it either since the playerbase is almost full of cheaters to begin with when the game still had the $15 price tag. In addition, the gambling community associated with it is sickening and horrendous. As a result, the update made the game much worse than what it was back in 2012/2013.

I refunded when the game was still on sale so I wouldn't have to put up with this trash.
What a great game! Half the matches will have hackers, you better pray they are on your team! Really reccomend if you like tossing a coin or basically any other game in wich you win not if you play well but if you get lucky and dont get a hacker.
Game focused only to make money for Volvo (did not it take a lot of money, yet?). No way to make game better for players. 9999999999999999999 Cheaters in game, VAC kick you in MM game and you cannot recconect after verifying and you loose RANK and get ban (GG brainless pragrammers CLAP ), endlessly long switching between game and windows (noone else game do it) .
0/10 fucking shit ass game, keeps bugging and not fucking working. You get reported you get low trust factor == you match against cheaters which fucking removes all fun of the game. update your fucking anti cheat, and your fucking hitreg.



trash ass fucking game.
I liked cs but the past couple of weeks it turned into who can hack without getting spotted, i paid for the game and every match i get has at least 3 hackers so i started to play team death match cause i figured less hackers plus i dont have to wait and average at the top 6 with full teams and i know when im bad and when i get out played. so for anyone that is thinking of getting csgo wait until the hacking is solved or dont get the game.
