Back when Counter-Strike tried a campaign mode. 

The game is a series of mini-objectives against bots on various maps, while the Deleted Scenes extra is a full blown CS campaign with many elements of the online game being brought in with solo FPS gameplay mechanics (such as equipment) to make a fun and hilarious game (the stereotypical russian accents make me laugh every time). 

The multiplayer part is quite similar to the original CS but with slightly better textures.

Overall, this isn't a game for people who like CS:GO, it's more for the fans of old school FPS games and OG Counter-Strikers. I do recommend it nonetheless, but keep in mind that the game is over 10 years old.
If you want to be destroyed by people who've been playing the game since CS 1.1 release and are tryhard mlg pros that wallbang headshot you with dualies from across the map, you get 1.6.

If you want to play dress up dolls with your guns, get scammed out of your skins, and play with a bunch of blokes in a matchmaking system that sometimes works but mostly ques you into a game consisting of anyone ranging from people who just installed the game to Global Elite smurfs with Silver IV accounts with ridiculous updates that make a $700 pistol the most powerful gun in the game,you get Global Offensive.

If you want to play a ton of surf, bhop, prison, scoutsknivez, and many more minigames and never find any servers with the actual core game, you get Source.

If you want to have fun, play with a decent community, use guns that are mostly not broken, have a game that can run on nearly any computer, and actually play the core Counter-Strike game, you get Condition Zero.
To start out, I've really got more like five hundred hours in this game. I started playing it obsessively long before Valve thought to add playtime records.

It's fun.

The bots are fairly competent as long as you disallow them from buying grenades and the list of maps that come prepackaged far outstrips that of the original Counter-Strike. (They're also far prettier, at least as much as they can be on the GoldSrc engine). Hostages are, as always, somewhat brain-dead, but they're nowhere near as bad as the ones in Counter-Strike: Source--although the fact they all wear identical orange jumpsuits makes me wonder who really are the good and bad guys. Isn't variety the spice of life?
Sound design and quality are improved slightly from the original game and many of the less generic maps lack that kitchen_rats look that's become so indicative of Half-Life's engine, so that's a plus. At the same time, a lot of maps have odd collision detection issues and I'm somewhat bothered by the fact that Counter-Terrorists are as chatty over the radio as their criminal counterparts.
awesome game but the community is almost dead .....if u purchase this game then i will always be there to play with u :)

if u are planning to buy cs 1.6 (counter strike ) then u should buy this game as u will get cs1.6 + cs condition zero together when u buy this.
I bought this game on sale, because i wanted to have the full CS collection, but what a great surprise i got when i actually played it. Its CS with a campaign mode or Tour of Duty, whatever you wanna call it.
If you want a challenging single-player mode with different difficulties and maps, then this game has what you want but expect some bugs and the AI isnt great but gets the job done and its challenging enough for a good time.

The Deleted Scenes game only adds more content to CZ with new missions all over the world where you play as different units with a story behind each mission and a lot of objectives to follow. The game isnt recent but you can still have fun with it in 2014, at least, in my opinion.

I totally recommend if you wanna have some single-player fun.
7.5/10
If you have connection problem,
If your latency is too high,
If you want to play offline,
Get this!

If you want bots, they're included inside.
If you want maps, they're available to download everywhere.
And if you have friends to party with you on LAN, buy this game!
A great "tutorial" for beginner CS players, the missions are just your usual bomb defusal scenarios with some bad AI, even though the AI is bad some of the time you still need to be tatical, the community is decently sized and the bots (that plague some servers) are just insanely good in some servers, the controls are smooth, gameplay is fluid, and there is wide variety of guns, it can run on a potato so you'll be able to play this on almost any potato you own, and the default maps that you play on during the missions are really well done, only complaints are that it can feel boring dying very early in a round and having to wait the entire round, and you still have to wait even in the missions with bots, overall I'd say buy the copy with this and the original Counter-Strike and try this one out first.
And a side note; the deleted scenes in my opinion are MUCH better than the Condition Zero base game itself, it offers a good variety of maps and scenarios while giving the player more guns and action, if I were to give a score for that one it would be a 9/10.
But for the regular Condtion Zero it would be around a 7.5/10
Commander: STICK TOGETHER TEAM!
Robert: Negative
Sun: Negative 
Nate: Negative

Nate has been killed
Sun has been killed
Robert has been killed

10/10 would slap my face again
Counter Strike: Condition Zero comes with two games:
1. Condition Zero
2. Condition Zero: Deleted Scenes

1. Condition Zero
Basically Counter Strike 1.6 but with improved graphics and the addition of bots. The bots are amazing considering when this game was released (they're still inferior to human players). In addition, the bots are a great way for beginners to learn about the game in a more relaxed environment. There is also a singleplayer Tour of Duty, which is basically regular counter strike missions against bots, but with additional challenges (example: kill 3 enemies with a sniper rifle). Sadly, the Tour of Duty missions are Counter-Terrorist only. There are no Terrorist missions.

2. Condition Zero: Deleted Scenes
This is a singleplayer game. It uses the same weapons and game mechanics as Condition Zero, but with some additions, including the awsome fiber optic camera. Level design is one of Deleted Scenes' greatest strengths. The AI is passable. The story is where it fails, in that each mission is its own self-contained story with practically no connecting elements. I suspect you don't even play as the same person in each mission. Immersion takes a serious hit because of this. It helps to pretend you are playing as the same person. I recommend Adrian Shephard before Black Mesa.

I had a lot of fun playing Condition Zero and Deleted Scenes. I highly recommend these games as well as any other Counter Strike game (or any game by Valve for that matter). By the way, check out the first screenshot on the store page. Really take a close look at the plane...
Counter-Strike: Condition Zero is a follow up to the original Counter-Strike game. This game was released in 2004, so almost eleven years ago. Condition Zero uses the Half-Life engine. 

What we have here is a CS game which includes a single player mission pack. When it comes to playing Counter-Strike, I am more or less a newb at it. This game gave me the perfect opportunity to learn the guns, maps and mission types without the pressure of feeling like you are letting your team down by sucking. The campaign took me about four hours to complete, but this was only on Normal mode, you can go back and replay the missions on a higher difficulty to eventually work your way up to playing online. 

I also found the squad management system to be a nice little feature which isn't seen in other CS games, at the start of each mission, you can choose which squad members to take with you on the mission, each of the team members have their positive and negative stats so you can really get stuck in with min-maxing them. You start out with three members and you work you way up to having a full blown squad of about eight men. 

On each of the missions you also have to complete specific challenges, these can be goals set around killing a certain amount of people, winning the match in less than ninety seconds, rescuing a specific amount of hostages etc etc. This added a little variety of play, especially the challenges where you have to use a certain weapon in order to complete them. This allowed you to learn how to use other guns effectively rather than sticking with your tried and tested Rifle and Deagle. 

While the graphics do not come close to looking like games we have in the current day, the game still does look nice. I wasn't put off by the dated graphics one bit; I guess that just shows how good the Half Life engine actually is!  

The difficulty levels completely rely on how hard you want to make it. I started out on Normal mode just to get to grips with the game as I am newb like that; but you can work all the way up to playing as if you are in a match online and have the brutally hard experience if you want to. Easy mode is complete walk in the park though, enemies can be standing in front of you for about three seconds before they realize they should shoot you, and even then they spray bullets randomly all around you without actually hitting, so I wouldn't recommend you start out on Easy mode. 

Like I said, the campaign took me about four hours to complete, but there are two or three more difficulty levels to try out, and I can see this adding a lot of variety into the game play, so I can easily see the single player alone taking about twelve hours to complete it fully on all difficulties. 

I found no technical issues what so ever while playing, I would assume all the bugs and niggles would of been ironed out years ago.. 

In conclusion I can easily recommend Counter-Strike: Condition Zero for anyone looking to get into the FPS or CS scene, it will easily give you a worthwhile experience, giving you the opportunity to learn all of the CS maps, guns and game modes in a pressure free environment. 

If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at http://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/

http://store.steampowered.com/app/80
This is my personal favourite Counter Strike game.
I've noticed that a lot of people say that it's too close to 1.6. But hear this out.

PROS:
Better graphics
Bumpmaps
Some more weapons
Singleplayer
Bots
Map remakes (Which I much prefer over the original)
Definitely has the nicest community over all CS games
Mod friendly
Servers not too full

CONS:
Not many servers compared to the other CS games
Goldsrc in 2004

That's it really.
The classic counter strike with slightly improved graphics, new content new maps and improved bots. The single player 'campaign' in it is basically playing all the usual maps and get certain number of kills in certain weapons and rescue certain number of hostages nothing fancy but It's just a very good classic.
I only recommend it if you're getting it through the valve bundle.

UPDATE:

The counter strike condition zero deleted scenes redirected me to the same store page as this so apparently it comes with it, the deleted scenes have a decent campaign consisting of different missions on the world map including all the counter strike characters, weapons and even new equipment and some stealthy action, it was a fun campaign, it is totally worth it.
I've been playing Condition Zero for hours, playing online, singleplayer missions, etc. And my final Word for this Game is: It's (atleast in my opinion) the probably BEST Counter Strike game ever made. The Gameplay, the new Maps, and everything else made this game perfect. "Deleted Scenes" is also a nice idea that was added to the Game with the singleplayer campaign. (once again, my opinion). This game is truly worth all of your money, and i recommend it to anyone who's new to Counter Strike.

I give this Game a 9.5/10, really good "update" of the original Counter Strike.
If you don't know what this game even is, I'm not surprised. This is mostly a hidden thing that a lot of people don't know about, so I'm going to tell you exactly what is Counter-Strike: Condition Zero.

If you buy the game, you get Condition Zero and Condition Zero Deleted Scenes. Both have a singleplayer campaign, but the Deleted Scenes is more of an actual singleplayer story with voice acting and characters that help you, while Condition Zero itself has a singleplayer (there is a multiplayer that I'll talk about later) where you use points to hire more professional bots to complete missions. First, I'm going to tal kabout Deleted Scenes.

CZ Deleted Scenes is as I stated earlier, a singleplayer Counter-Strike campaign mode with story elements that create a plot that you're a soldier and you have to kick ass to get to your objective. There isn't just one story, there's a LOT of them. It kind of reminded me of COD (atleast the older ones, I haven't played any of the newer ones) where you'd play as different characters fighting in different battles, except you don't get switched back and forth, each mission you're a different person fighting different people working with different comrades. You fight in a diverse amount of countries around the globe like Russia, United States, Germany, Japan, etc... All of the weapons from the original Counter-Strike are in CZ but are re-modeled and work differently in Deleted Scenes, like they're more accurate. They also added in a few more peices of equipment like the RC Bomb, which can blow holes through walls in specific areas, a radio, where you can call backup (also in specific zones), a blow torch, where you can blow off locks (once again in specific zones), and finally an optic camera, where (in specific zones, of course) you can basically see through objects. I also love the voice acting in Deleted Scenes, it's not because it's good, it's alright at most, but I just love how bad it can be. None of the characters really sound believable at all, and they really don't get a grasp on what's going on, a lot like the scientists from HL1. But the voice acting may not be good, the writing is actually good. I particularly liked the mission where you'd infiltrate a Russian military base undetected, and while you're doing this you can listen to a few conversations, like how this guy won't trust his buddy with his lighter anymore, or like how it's super cold and how if there was an intruder that they could throw isicles at them. I think if they could've gave them better voice actors, I think that the dialouge would be perfect. Now the gameplay. I'd have to say I absolutely LOVE the gameplay in Deleted Scenes, it's Counter-Strikish but as said before the weapons are a lot more accurate, which makes sense because presmuably you're trained on how to not have a fucking bullet go 60 meters off of where it came out of the barrel. There are different kind of enemy NPCs, some of them are suicide bombers, some of them run up to you with knives and try to stab you,, snipers, assault teams, etc... It's linear, but there are a lot of places in your path to explore and easter eggs and loot. All in all, I give Deleted Scenes's campaign a 8/10.

Now it's time for the actual game. Condition Zero. Condition Zero not only has a multiplayer, but a singleplayer campaign where you get points for completing missions and you can use those points to hire more skilled bots to be on your team, you can choose the difficulty of the bots on the enemy team, but as far as I know, the difficulty you set does not affect the bots on your team. I think it uses every default map in the original Counter-Strike. Also, you only play as CT just like Deleted Scenes. There's not exactly any story, it's just that you have to stop the Ts from defuing the bomb or keeping hostages bla bla bla Counter-Strike things.

Now it's multiplayer. The multiplayer in CZ is actually good. It's like your typical early 2000s game, no bullshit matchmaking, all community servers, and a good mix between comepetitive and casual. It's not like CS:GO where you're paired up with 4 retards just to have an entire enemy team made of hackers. And while hackers are a problem, they actually get banned by admins and people who are way better than you (called smurfs in CS:GO) aren't a problem because you can just leave and find another server with people that meet your skill. I'm not the best at CS but fucking hell I have almost 1,000 hours on CS:GO and Im still in Gold Nova because of how bullshit the hacker thing is. I liked being able to leave the game without having to wait 30 minutes to a fucking month to play the damn game again. CS: CZ really feels like Counter-Strike, not a cash cow with a community more toxic than the air in China where hackers make up 50% if not more of the that toxic community created by a sellout company (because CZ actually wasn't made by Valve, CZ was made by Turtle Rock Studios, and Deleted Scenes was made by Ritual Entertainment). I want to be able to play with real legit players that are at my skill or slightly higher or slightly lower. None of this would be a problem in CS:GO if there was 1. Not a ranking system. 2. No matchmaking and 3. A good fucking anti-cheat. In CZ I don't care that much if I die because it's not going to matter, Im not in a fucking tourtament where I could win thousands of dollars, Im in a fucking normal match in a game.

I give CZ's Singleplayer a 7.5/10
and multiplayer a 9.5/10
CS:CZ.. The forgotten middle brother of a successful family. 
It is an evolution of the great 1.6, but the changes are so small that there was no reason to change from one to another, nevertheless it is a pretty good game. 
Even in the rough moments when your internet was down, CZ was always there by your side.

10/10 - giving the love that it needs

It's 1.6 with better graphics, more maps, and a single-player mode that actually is fun. To anyone new to counter strike and looking for buying advice: It's a fun game, of course it is! this is counter strike. But don't be disappointed if you have a hard time finding people to play online with.
Lets start by saying that by buying CZ you get three games. Multiplayer Condition Zero & CS 1.6(If you don't have it already) and singleplayer CZ Deleted Scenes. As far as I'm concerned, for multi, it's better to play CS 1.6. Condition Zero doesn't even look that good with "better" skins and textures. More people play CS 1.6 so it's easier to find servers too. Also, i think that overall, 1.6 is a better game. Now... it's worth very much to buy this for Deleted Scenes. Everyone who ever thought to themselves how cool it would be if CS had a singlep. campaign... you will wonder no more. You fly around the entire world, there is a mission on almost every continent. It's hard, but good, plenty of meds and ammo lie around so even on the hardest difficulty surviving shouldn't be a problem, rather a challenge sometimes. There are around 18 missions and all of them are good/great. To be honest I expected much less from Deleted Scenes and I was pleasantly surprised. I would recommend it to anyone who still enjoys GoldSrc games. Just remember to switch off that damn vertical synchronisation before you'll start playing. It's on by default, made me move like an elephant with all that input lag ;) 

PS: If you decide to play on hard from the start, just remember to play it like regular CS. Don't rush, pick around the corners and obstacles alot and quick, reload only when safe, always aim heads, shoot mainly bursts or single shots, try not to get shot and this will be a walk in the park. Park full of terrorists that is. Also, after you'll finish all of the main missions, there will still remain few undone on the world map, bonus ones, be sure to finish them too, they are  interesting and a little different than the rest. Like "Run!" mission or "Miami Heat".
If you hate playing online but like the graphics of the old CS games (like me), this is definitely a go.

First off, pretty much all of the CS 1.6 maps are in the game, in addition to their updated CZ counterparts. You get to play with bots too, so if you don't have enough friends and/or you have no friends at all, it all works out in the end.

Deleted Scenes is a nice touch to the main game, it can get a little confusing at times due to the level design, but some of the levels are certainly a lot of fun.

This game features probably the most advanced version of the GoldSrc Engine out there (excluding fan-made extensions to the engine, like the version Cry of Fear used), and while it doesn't feature HDR and 4K graphics it's a fun game overall.
[h1] 10,000+ hours and counting. [/h1] 

[b] Pros: [/b]
[list]
[*] Modest on system requirements. 
[*] Consistent game play. 
[*] There's not too much visual overload for those prone to distractions. 
[*] Rounds aren't overly long whether you like to hold back and guard your objective or you like to rush your objective and possibly only last a minute. 
[/list]

[u] Parental guidance for online play. [/u]

There's lots of potential to take a mental break and have a laugh with your friends.   
The CZ community has a wide gradient of skilled players.

[b] Tips: [/b]

Your team mates are going to block you and/or team flash you at times. 
[i] Work on not letting that happen. [/i]

At times it will feel like other team mates are the cause of your demise. 
[i] Authentically taking responsibility for your level of effectiveness appears to be key to continually enhansing your game.  It appears to help with players overall happiness as well.  Counter-Intuitive. [/i]
CS:CZ... the forgotten middle brother of a successful family. 
It is an evolution of the great 1.6, but the changes are so small that there was no reason to change from one to another, nevertheless is a pretty good game. 
Even in the rough moments when your internet is down, CZ will be there to support you.

10/10 - giving the love that it needs

Spetsnaz sasha is out, peace.
After 3700 hours of playin. I can say its a good game.

much less cheaters than Cs Go.

When we had our own server we had the possibility to emedately bann players that where obviously cheating.

We also had our own Scann system that search the players computers to find cheat.

I also liked the possibilty to to change side speed because in cs go I would liked to have faster "side speed"...

/ T
This game is like Counter-Strike with missions.

Only bots in the missions, but if you are trying to play online, real players, sure. Perfect for players to play when their internet connections is down.

And, this is Counter-Strike 1.6, with improved graphics.

Rating: 8/10 (Due to the graphics and the gameplay is awesome.)
This game is more fun with the bots. Granted, the AI is sometimes terrible and glitchy for many maps (even cz ones), but the most fun is to edit the botprofile.db and make your own unique bots (it's very easy to do) and essentially form your own match league. I have created around 700 bots each with their own clan tag, track standings/stats etc. Granted, it's a lot of bot-simulated matches which would be boring to most people, but has kept me occupied as I am a stat junkie. Captures some level of competion for me, as I am way too old to participate in any ladders or really be any good anymore, whereas most people could dominate any of the bots very easily. But for me, a fun little throwback to my younger days. Now I'll go put my false teeth back in and take a lap around the retirement center on my motorized cart.
Counter Strike Condition Zero is the sequel to the original Counter Strike and now it includes a Single Player Campaign, so let's take a look shall we ?

When I mentioned that this game has a single player campaign, I didn't mean a story mode. The single player campaign is a very short bundle of missions where you have few objectives during each missions. Like rescue hostages, defuse bombs and take out terrorists with a specific weapon.

The missions are incredibly short and you can finish all 12 within 2 hours. 

The AI will make the hostage missions a living hell. Once the round starts the AI are on the hunt to find any enemy player on the field and will not help you so don't expect any help from the AI. Getting a hostage to a drop off, before your team kills the entire enemy team.

The gameplay is not much different from the original Counter Strike so don't expect a major change.

Now for the feature everyone cares. THE MULTIPLAYER. It's almost completely dead. I had trouble finding a match and when I did get into a full lobby match, I felt bored and it's not as good as the original Counter Strike.

This game is not good, but it's not horrible either. The campaign is short and not worth the money and the multiplayer is slowly dying out. In the end only get this if you're a hardcore fan, otherwise get any other game in the franchise.

Final Rating:
6/10 - Okay 

If you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you dislike post in the comments on what you dislike about the review.

For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator page [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/snortsreviews#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!
CS 1.6 with better weapon models, textures and bot support. If you can't find a server for 1.6 and still want to play the game, this is the best way to do it. The Tour of Duty mode adds challenges and requirements for completion which add a genuine level of replayability and depth to the same maps we've all played a hundred times already.

Deleted Scenes however, is a horrible compilation of boring, derivative missions that removes all of the mechanics and weapon ballistics that made the multiplayer mode so unique. Utterly forgettable and not worth playing.

Full video review:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDJGzPpJrEo
Surprisingly fun single-player missions. Part of the fun in this game is just dealing with your incompetent bot teammates who don't always behave... properly. Aside from the main campaign provided with the game, there are plenty of third-party mission packs out there that you can install, and many of those are fantastic as well. I got a remarkable amount of enjoyment out of this game, despite its age.

Also, Turtle Rock rules! (Particularly Mike Booth. He's the guy responsible for most of the programming behind Valve's bot systems used in CS:CZ/CS:S/CS:GO as well as L4D/L4D2/TF2. That guy is awesome.)
Counter Strike: Condition Zero 

This is basically old good 1.6 with better graphics and better bots. The bots are a great way to practice cs. There is also singleplayer tour of duty, that is basically counter strike missions against bots. Challenges include for example: kill 3 enemies with a sniper rifle. Great cs. If you liked any cs games, try this.

Grade: 10/10


Basically this is CS1.6 with slightly better graphics and mechanics. You also have a singleplayer that has some nice challenges, so you can try to do them all, or if you have no connection you can play singleplayer.
Counter-Strike:Condition Zero is the best game online because it is easy to use for all the computers since it don't need so many requirements as other games, this way many mas users are going to have an easy access to play this fabulous game in line. It is also one a revolution in this of the games online since the change of graph is very well-known between(among) the Condition Zero and the first Counter-Strike and its alone realism overcome by the Counter-Strike: Source. This game also can be played of a player by if you want to play the way history.
My favourite CS, behind GO. Great game, and if you're a bit of a noob like me, you can go into multiplayer and not get destroyed every time like you would in 1.6. People are just more chill on this game, you will rarely find an MLG tryhard pro with sweatbands on, who's been pounding Monster energy drinks all day.
I was originally just going to punch in 5 minutes so I could make this review just about the Deleted Scenes, but I decided to be fair and try out the base game too.

Condition Zero's Tour of Duty mode is a series of levels that one could describe as a campaign without a plot. In each level, you have to complete a set of tasks, or "challenges", while stopping the terrorists from doing their thing enough times to satisfy the level's non-challenge requirements. You can create your own squad by buying teammates from a roster of 36 counter-terrorists, each with different levels of skill and weapon preferences, with points earned by completing levels.

The Tour of Duty is very simplistic, but it managed to make me like it a bit and I normally hate playing multiplayer-oriented game matches with only bots, which it essentially is. And in my opinion, it on the Easy difficulty feels like a tutorial; One lacking explanations of the game's controls, but also one that trains the player by putting them up against targets that move and shoot back, which is not present in the tutorials featured in the Deleted Scenes and CS:GO. Update: Currently at frustrating point where the Terrorist AI is almost cheating and the Counter-Terrorist AI is braindead.

Then I tried out the multiplayer for a bit. Not long enough for me to actually say anything about it, but from my limited experience it felt like CS:S but different. [strike]I hate CS:S for several reasons so I'm going to see later if it's different in a way that I'll enjoy it.[/strike] It's basically CS:S but deader, has worse level design, and you have to remember to buy ammo. Not my thing.

Finally, the ultimate purpose of this review: The Deleted Scenes. It's a set of 18 different missions, each having a different scenario (and are not connected in a grand scheme or anything like a campaign in say, Call of Duty). I don't have much more to say about it in terms of description, so here's where I begin the "opinion" part (I think there's a much better word for it but I'm tired): [b][i]Holy f**k it's good.[/i][/b] It of course suffers from dated graphics and some weaker level design here and there, but it is [i]fun[/i]. I've done all of the missions 3 times over 25~ hours and dear god I think I might do it [i]several more times[/i] even after finding all of the secrets within. It makes me furious that CS:GO's campaigns were limited time because I'd replay a Counter-Strike campaign with CS:GO's gameplay and graphics more times than I think I will replay Deleted Scenes. Update: Forgot to say this when I first published this review but the music's great too. Especially the music in Secret War, that level's awesome in almost every aspect.

Overall: [strike]If for nothing else,[/strike] buy this game just for the Deleted Scenes. Unless you like CS:S but want a more retro feel and can put up with poorly-balanced AI in the Tour of Duty, that's like the main selling point.
I gotta say this game is awesome as fuck even tho majority of CS community hate it but for me it is my first game i ever played in my life. I remember when I was 5 or 6 years old in year between 2006 or 2007 i played this game like nonstop because im addicted to it. So yes I absolutely recommend this specialy if you are a new to CS games or if u are start from Global Offfensive.  


NOTE: Sorry for my bad english (It is not my native language)
      Counter Strike Condition Zero is an odd one. Caught in between CS 1.6 and Source, it came very close to CS: Source's release, and was brushed aside. At the time, it graphics were outdated, and its single player content was lacking. Today, the single player content is just as lackluster. The regular campaign is literally offline bots with some slight customization. It's bland, boring, and the AI is pretty terrible. There's also the "Deleted Scenes", which is actually an entirely other game. It's a single player CS Campaign that plays nothing like Counter Strike. It feels more like a fast-paced Arcade shooter. It's plagued with poor map design, cheesey plot that desperately wanted to blend with games like Halo at the time, and gimmicky spy gadgets that while intriguing at first, are poorly executed. 
    Where Condition Zero does shine is its multiplayer. It's graphics are dated but timeless. It feels like an updated CS 1.6 in visuals, and plays in a way thats really unique to Condition Zero. Ammunition is expensive and money is tight, so you really have to watch your shots in this game. It still has a very large playerbase, and holds up much better than the classic 1.6 
   While Condition Zero failed to capture a single player Counter Strike expirience, it did create a pretty fun Multiplayer that's still fun to hop on today. It's by no means a masterpiece, but it isn't a bad game. If the CS Anthology pack ever goes on sale, I'd say pick it up and try it out. But on its own, I'd say it's a pass.
i've buy the original counter-strike then i've got 3 CS Games

Counter-Strike

Counter-Strike Condition Zero

Counter-Strike Condition Zero Deleted Scenes (Campaign)

bring back memories back in the day i was using windows XP. oh well i played a lot of Half-Life And Old CS

Valve Must Make Campaign Mode For CSGO!
Even though the 'campaign mode' of Counter-Strike: Condition Zero didn't receive much love and/or attention, it's still one of my favourites. Being able to choose your own team of bots that have certain traits and use certain guns is a good part of the game, instead of being stuck with bots that only buy auto-shotguns and the m249. Instead of just wrecking bots with your immense skill, you have to complete missions, such as defeating a certain number of enemies with a certain gun, or rescuing a certain amount of hostages. This game will always be great in my eyes.
COD done right by Counter Strike

no, but seriously its CS with some story background

Refreshing after playing with toxic player in CSGO

BUY the bunddle when its on SALE
This game is really fun although my low amount of time I spent several hours on this game back in the days of 2004. It was a great game back in the day. 

Pros:
-Great Gameplay 
-Fun to play with friends
-Good graphics for a 2004 game
-Runs on any system with a Intel HD 3000 at 1080p hd mode.
Cons:
-Not alot of players
-Not enough boobies for spray paints
-Not enough friends 
-Ignore the last one thats just me
-Can give minecraft flashbacks.
Pros:
Bots are responsive
Bots follow orders
Easy to master
Tons of fun
Takes about 10 minutes max to install
60FPS at all times

Cons:
Many new mechanics that you'll probably need to get used to
Bots have bad aim
No video options


Counter-Strike: CZ is more of a game you'd want to play if you're on a flight, or steam servers are down. It's filled with tons of missions with an added challenge to make it more interesting.

Overall, 9/10
get it now
An underrated game, to be honest. It has lots of potential as it's like a CS 1.6 and Source combo.
The singleplayer missions in [i]Deleted Scenes[/i] aren't great, but they can keep you entertained for a while.
Every CS fan has to try Condition Zero.
[h1]COUNTER-STRIKE: CONDITION ZERO[/h1]

Counter-Strike: Condition Zero is more of a modification to 1.6 rather than a game in it of itself; it uses most of the same animations and only retextures a couple of maps, but it gets less credit than its due.

For instance, it has a far superior buy menu, with a more extensive loadout customizer that works way better than the one we have in Source.

The graphics are also way better and way more stylistic than Source's, which is literally 1.6 on the Source Engine, like a slightly less lazy HL:S. The sound design is greatly improved and the changed guns sound a lot more like an accurate depiction of what a real gun sounds like. Nothing even reminiscent of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds's but closer than any of the stock assets used in the other games. The model, lighting and texture quality was also made better, and both teams not only have a new faction each but also all have new stylized designs that stray farther from the real deal but still gives each of them a character of their own.

Not to mention that the controls are in this void between Source and 1.6 where it has recoil and less absurd penetration but the accuracy and shooting system in general is still 1.6's, which is very fun to play with.

Along with the usual simple offline bot match, this game has a few sets of 3 maps you have to clear by having at least 3 round wins and exactly 2 more than the terrorists, against a varying amount of opponents with different skillsets. It proves to be a good challenge to anyone and a great way to get good at the game while passing time and having fun. This mode also adds more depth to the CT factions, with each having a tendency to certain characteristics, for instance the Seals and the SAS are braver, while the GSG-9 and GIGN play it safe.

[h1]DELETED SCENES[/h1]

A very memorable experience, worth a replay or two. The large majority of the missions are fun, most of the enemies' deaths are animated with few exceptions, there's a lot of destroyable scenery and the battles are very ecstatic. The weapon, equipment and enemy progression is very well structured but the way the game tells how this worldwide conflict came to be or when is it all going to end is too loose to form anything concrete. My guess? Resonance Cascade. The game lasted 8 hours for me, but you can probably beat it in 6 on an easier difficulty.

There are a few references to Half Life, albeit probably unintentional, where loot is found inside those small green canisters Black Mesa employees use to store ammunition and weaponry, or in certain places where there are those ceiling turrets you see everywhere around the facility, even if a hell of a lot weaker.

A lot of the maps are very well detailed to the point of it not even looking like a GoldSrc game but rather an early Source engine game. Some of the textures leave a lot of room for improvement while some leave barely any. It uses a lot of flashing lights and other lighting effects so I recommend playing through certain missions like DrugLab or the final skycraper mission in Software mode. Both look better in a some places and in some not, with similarly varying performance, so its mostly up to choice and hardware compatibility. It's an old game, and so there's a chance you'll encounter lag no matter how pricey your rig is.

The factions consist of most of the OG, the Elite Crew, the Arctic Avengers, the Guerilla Warfare, and a few other ones, such as a few generic Islamic grunts or gangsters. All of them give the impression of Middle Eastern crazies that think nukes = less oppression, though, so the only real difference between them is that some hold hostages and some hold bombs. Basically the same as the multiplayer game, just a lot more exciting and real. The 1337s appear wearing all black with blue jeans, though, unlike their usual green shirt and brown jeans. The heads are all the same for every faction, except all use a different texture. For example, the factions that use the Guerilla Warfare model have different beard types, and the others rarely share the same body.

There's a lot more cinephys in this game than any other game from the same era. If it hadn't been so overlooked we might've gotten that juicy BF4 levolution a lot sooner than we asked. For example, certain characters that you kill fall out from whatever platform they're standing on and onto crates which break apart in a realistic manner without using any sort of simulation or gib effect. Another example is on the mission "Building Recon", when air support flies over a terrorist, blowing him out of the roof he's on and collapsing both his building and the one beside it.

Level exploration isn't a cryptic must such as in Poke646, where it's harder to find the way out of wherever you're in than to find a hidden cache, or the original HL, where there was barely any encouragement to exploration apart from Office Complex. You're rewarded with OP guns such as the AWP or the M249, which is as useful as it was in 1.6 instead of the crappy crap crap we got in Source and especially GO.

The player isn't talked much about and isn't voiced by anyone, but he seems to be always shifting, never a single person, as if you were really just a random soldier fighting through the waves of less trained opponents that happened to do a thing that saved a bunch of people, or in some cases just 2 or 3. And yet the game makes you feel proud of what you've done. I admire that. It's a very interesting take on the whole badass soldier vibe that most games nowadays and back then had. You'll probably remember that same mechanic from DICE's latest Battlefield game's campaign, just more pronounced and not ignored.

What happened to this game was unfortunate. Very unfortunate. It would've done just as much if not more than what HL did to the gaming industry if it hadn't launched so close to Source and had been properly advertised.

I fully advise you to buy this game if you're looking for a challenge that isn't too hard, but let me warn you, play it on easy. Playing through it on medium had me getting very frustrated in certain parts of the game for simply not being 1% faster than the AI. It's that hard. It's as if the HL1 grunts gained an eye on their back, sneaking is impossible in this game unless if you're told to, and grenades are rather unpredictable. Just make sure to keep in mind that grenades in this game are just like HL1's or 1.6's, even though they can deal a lot of damage if their ray casting doesn't catch their target its not gonna deal any damage at all, even if the target in question is behind a 1 unit thick wall or a on a slightly raised part of the scenery. Best case scenario, its right under their feet.

Wasting ammunition isn't an issue in this game. At all. I constantly find myself underwhelmed with ammo until I get something that deals some damage like a Kalashnikov or an M4 or even an AWP or a machine gun. Its like the game really wants you to use everything, but as always the M1014 is ignored due to its shittyness. Oh and don't even bother with the M3 Super 90, they nerfed it so hard its as useful as it is in CS:S and nowhere as cool and neat and super as 1.6's. Everything else is fairly meh.

Some of the mission concepts get tiring after a while; chase the VIP, defuse the nuke, kill the VIP, protect the VIP team, go after the guy that tried to assassinate the VIP, kill him, rescue these people, rescue yourself, repeat. It's repetitive as fuck and some more variation like in the mission Secret War, which I believe is the second one, would've been nice. I had to take 3 breaks before finally completing the game despite my will to do it in one continuous run. The voice acting is ok for the most part but it gets laughable at some others ([spoiler]"We could always throw icicles at the intruders! HOHOHOHOHO"[/spoiler]).

A very well deserved buy and another great mark on TRS's, Ritual's & Gearbox's past.
LEEEROOYYYYYYY JENKINNS!!!!!!!!!!!!
*Door stuck memes*
*Russian 1st sukka blyiat in Community Server (EU)*
*Indians Takeover the SEA Server*
*Spray n Pray meme*
*2ft fall damage*
*Wallbang everything...ez kill*
*Bot is better than 10silver in CSGO*
*Scout is best used in this game*
Synopsis:

[h1]With its extensive Tour of Duty campaign, a near-limitless number of skirmish modes, updates and new content for Counter-Strike's award-winning multiplayer game play, plus over 12 bonus single player missions, Counter-Strike: Condition Zero is a tremendous offering of single and multiplayer content. [/h1]

My thoughts regarding Condition Zero are pretty much Identical to the original CS 1.6. This is basically due to both games sharing the same engine, with Condition Zero being different only in the texturing and meshing department. With CS 1.6 showing its age, Condition Zero might be a worth a squirt if your feeling nostalgic. 

Basically once the game Is bought you have to two installation options, Counter Strike Condition Zero and Counter Strike Condition Zero: Deleted Scenes.

[b]Counter Strike Condition Zero:[/b]

This is essentially the CS 1.6 variant of the game which allows for traditional CS 1.6 style online gameplay and a somewhat enjoyable mini campaign which spans across most of the original maps, where objectives are the same as multiplayer however you can build a team for each map with bots of varying skills with more powerful bots costing more resource which you will unlock as you complete the maps. This single player should be avoided since it offers no real value and you are much better off playing on servers with real players.


[b]Counter Strike Condition Zero Deleted Scenes:[/b]

This installation covers the actual single player campaign for Condition Zero. Each theater consists of you playing as a different counter terrorist unit: 

GIGN, GSG-9, SEAL Team 6, SAS and Spetsnaz

You in turn fight againest a variety of different terrorist factions:

Arctic Avengers, Elite Crew, Guerilla Warfare, Phoenix Connexion and Midwest Militia.

I rather enjoyed the single player campaign since it deployed a large variety of maps and global locations ranging from fetid jungles to war ravaged cities. Most missions have a pre deployment briefing but these just offer simple intel and not much else. Most missions range from hostage rescue, bomb disarmament to assassinations. In most respects the campaign is somewhat reminiscent to Call of Duty MW which often puts you in the boots of a different soldier serving under a different army.

In conclusion CS CZ is worth your time if you are a hardcore C.S 1.6 fan like myself. It is pretty much HD 1.6 with a enjoyable single player campaign.

Final Score: 85/100
This game is way better than Counter Strike. First reason for this are missions. After you finish game on hardest difficult you can play Counter Strike multiplayer easly, cuz it's so hard, but I did it and I feel fantastic. Game is worth evry cent trust me.

Once again: Thank You For This Game.
I like the game a lot. There is a Singleplayer campaign which I have passed in 2.5h. 

I will do some pros and cons for the game

PROS
-The game comes with another game called Counter-Strike: Condition Zero Deleted Scenes
-CS:CZDS has only Singleplayer which is very intriguing to pass, it has total of 19 missions and are very well made
-In CS:CZDS you fight different terrorist cells with different anti-terrorist groups so it's diverse
-The game has better graphics than Counter-Strike
-The game is fun to play even with bots
-Developers haven't forgot about this game, the games does not need any updates or patches
-Community is strong, so much players on 2500+ dedicated servers
-The game is cheap
-The Singleplayer Introduces you to all of the maps that are in Counter-Strike: Condition Zero, and introduces it very well
-The Multiplayer servers are defended with VAC so there are little to no hackers in this game

CONS
-I didn't like some of the Challenges because I have killed terrorists too fast and couldn't save the Hostages so I had to repeat it four to five times
-The graphics for player models have changed a little bit but they are still boxy

I recommend this game! 9/10 would kill five terrorists in row with M249 again
The reason I bought this was for Deleted Scenes. CZ Deleted Scenes are in deep need of polishing for todays standards, but give it a break it was probably made before you were born. Deleted Scenes has very good cutscenes that catch you up and are a great part of the game. Once again, the AI needs polishing for todays standards, but the enviroment still does its job even to today by giving you a slight unsettling feeling as you battle enemies. Deleted Scenes campaign is SINGLEPLAYER so you can play Counter-Strike offline, which is cool as hell in my opinion. Counter-Strike campaign offline. However, just like every other CS game you probably need experience with the FPS genre. Don't let easy mode fool you because it is really tough. Any CS fan will love CZ.
Now as a surprise for me, this was my favourite game of the Counter-Strike series so far, I played the game with no hopes since I don't like the CS series, but this one is different because of the missions tab which I like a lot, I like challenges and missions. So yeah, if you are looking for a counter-strike game that you can also play with fun singleplayer, you should pick this game up!
counter strike condition zero is a good game, despite the fact almost everyone hates it, its a great game to get in the bundle with cs 1.6, it features all the classic maps from 1.6 including updated versions as well, you get the ability to play against bots   right out of the gates instead of having to mod bots in like in 1.6, it features a mission mode, and it also comes packaged with the deleted scenes, which are 12 story mode missions that are quite impressive for the goldsource engine, and the guns have higher quality models, all in all this game gets a 10/10 from me as well 
its a must have for people getting cs 1.6 and condition zero bundle

Deleted Scenes:
Let me just say this right now, this is not a good game. The AI sucks, even compared to games like Half-Life 1, the story sucks, and the whole thing just feels rushed and unfinished. But it's fun and it's ridiculous. Highly recommended.
Amazing game through and through.
I very much like how it's spiced up with access passes and weapon skins.
It also features a fully developed singleplayer campaign, much alike to that of Half-Life itself, albeit split into missions.
And if you're feeling extra frisky, you can purchase a key and try your luck with weapon cases!

EDIT: Now Stat-Trak weapons have a separate counter for singleplayer kills.
Really fun to play. The missions are well made and require brains to finish. One of the most fun mission-based games I have ever played. Similar to COD.
The bad thing about this is that there is nothing linking the individual stories of the missions together.

Highly recommended.
Ahh, what a breeze that was.
A lot of people don't know what's different between this game and CS 1.6, the key is that this one is the latter on sterodes, slightly better graphics, definitely better vocals, and more balanced gameplay, plus a shocking but welcoming campaign mode. What is that you say? A bunch of missions that you have to complete alongside checking all of the side tasks required to pass each mission, a fun a and challending process none the less.
This is what CS 1.6 should have been. But still, that one has the nostalgic element to it.
If youre not a hard-core Counter-Strike player, Condition Zero is definitely worth a look. Veterans will probably want to stick with what they've already got.
